
Cameron Diaz is a BAD teacher. Oh and there’re no end-of-movie revelations or transformations. She’s a horrible teacher, with no real sense of responsibility, character or inclination to be of any help – and that stays. If anything, maybe one can find humor in this fact, because every other gag is either lewd or more lewd. 





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


The film is intermittently funny, but what makes Cameron Diaz a watchable film are the characters. Foul-mouthed, greedy and self-obsessed Elizabeth Hasley (Cameron Diaz) is an unapologetic character who’s returned to her teaching job at John Adams Middle School after being dumped by her fiancé. A wastrel by nature – she ends up showing movies in class for weeks at end, smokes pot in the parking lot and generally doesn’t give a rat’s... bottom.
The pace of the film picks up when the new substitute teacher Scott makes an entry (Justin Timberlake) – he’s rich, good-hearted and the best bait for Elizabeth. That’s where the theatre begins. 
She does all it takes to get his attention – from competing with the goody-two-shoes Amy (Lucy Punch) to generally throwing her sexuality around. Meanwhile, she brushes off Gym teacher Russell’s advances (Jason Segal of How I Met Your Mother fame)
Even if we manage to move past the sporadic pacing of Diaz’s character – the logic behind her nature shifts between being extremely rude and sexually explicit within seconds - there’s one thing that I couldn’t overlook. Not just merely a screenplay flaw, but this just stands as common sense. 
How Could Anybody Ignore Cameron Diaz (her highness hotness)? The very fact that Diaz has to fight for Timberlake’s attention is a big fat question mark on the writing or credibility of the film – especially since with this movie, Diaz is at her sexiest best.
Bad Teacher
Parental Guidance:


Violence: None
Language: You can tell the expletives have been dubbed
Nudity & Sexual content: Many scenes – and extremely unapologetically visualized
Concept: A bad teacher and her comical (?) endeavors
General Look and Feel: Crass, sporadically funny


