
Wherever in the world I’ve lived in the last 12 or so years, I have proudly called myself a Bombayite/Mumbaikar at heart. The city has an indescribable energy that sweeps me with it whenever I’m there. Mumbai Meri Jaan, however, is about various characters who don’t necessarily have such a romanticized view of Mumbai. Each of them goes through a phase of cynicism and ultimately accepts their situation as is and joins the “spirit” of the city. 
It’s a study of characters. Each character is interesting, even if not completely convincing. The combination of characters chosen is fascinating. The resistance to have extreme characters is obvious. Instead, a shade of gray is picked for each one and the variation in the grays, once in a while, defies believability. 
Yeah, it is also one possible interpretation of what might have been the state of mind of the citizens after the bomb blasts on July 11th, 2006. But, that seems secondary. The bomb blasts could very well have been replaced by any other traumatic event that Mumbai has gone through in the past few years. The focus is more on the social commentary on the economic disparity that the city suffers from, the corporatization of private lives by the media, the two sides of the youth wanting to migrate abroad, and so on.
Like the city, Mumbai Meri Jaan is more about the people that make it what it is. Even the bit roles give you a glimpse into yet another character you might find in a city - spoilt rich brats, a sermonizing father, housewives for whom the bomb blasts must have just meant another event, and many more. The main characters, of course, have been dealt with in much more details.
Nikhil, an idealist who pays his taxes, refuses to drain the country of it’s brain, considers changing his whole life around to deal with the trauma that the blasts bring about. R. Madhavan’s demure yet sure personality smoothly transforms into the troubled, paranoid Mumbaikar.  Rupali, the most regular brand of TV reporter, refuses to believe that she’s not exclusive. You see Soha Ali Khan turn into a zombie from the confident, aspirational lady she starts out as.  
Parental Guidance:


Violence: The bomb blast scenes are pretty graphic.
Sexual content: None.
Concept: It’s about the way various individuals react to the bomb blasts in the city and how they handle their individual experiences. A fairly serious ambience with a hint of dark humor.
General Look and Feel: Certainly not a chirpy environment.


