
Note: This is one of the rare occasions when the reviewer has chosen to revise the ratings. The rating after first viewing (at Mumbai Film Festival) was " Catch on DVD for sure". It has been bumped up to "The keen must watch on screen; else DVD" after second viewing (regular theater cut) for reasons stated below. 





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


------
Update: Whether it is because of what seemed like a crisper cut for the theatrical release, or whether it is because of a correction in my expectations, having already watched the film once at MFF 2012, I'm not sure; but I liked Pune 52 more after the second viewing. Much like Talaash, which set the expectations for a thriller but was more of one man's emotional journey and was best enjoyed with those expectations in mind, Pune 52 is more about the marital problems faced by a lower middle class couple in the early 90s, and makes the most impact when seen as a drama rather than a thriller.
The performances by Girish Kulkarni and Sonali Kulkarni seemed even better this time. Also, the dialogues, penned by Girish Kulkarni, are outstandingly written. At the risk of sounding like a broken record, I keep saying that Girish Kulkarni is one of the best Indian writers as well as actors today, and he underlines this in Pune 52. 
The larger issues in the film - sketchily written characters, gaping plot holes and screenplay flaws remain. Since the film is a thriller as well, I can't talk about these in detail, but it will suffice to say that there are just too many loopholes that can be pointed out in the writing. Still, for the manner in which it is shot, for being an engaging enough drama about a married couple, for the dialogues and for the performances Pune 52 is a film that makes for one theatrical watch, for sure.
Parental Guidance:


Violence: Fight scenes, bloodshed, murder, etc. 
Language: Girish's character uses a strong swear word 
Nudity & Sexual content: Sex scene, lip-lock. 
Concept: A thriller about a private detective.. 
General Look and Feel: Manages to capture a dark, noir feel at times. 


