
wogma rating: Watch when on TV/online (?)
Jolly LLB is sincere in intent and has perfect lead performances. But unfortunately, it isn't able to create a crisp environment. Perfect actors can't make lame defence & prosecutors into a good courtroom dramaThe mindset is such that you hear of the Boman Irani-Arshad Warsi combination and you expect a "laugh out loud" comedy. It doesn't help that the trailer points you in that direction too. It pleasantly surprises you, by starting off as satire, quirks and all. Then it takes a serious route, and even so, you are willing to play along because Jolly LLB seems like its trying to make an important point. Unfortunately at the end though, it is pretty disappointing.The disappointment is not as much because of the decision taken by the court, but due to lame defence (Boman Irani) and prosecution (Arshad Warsi). They seem rather clueless and caught unawares all the time. Sure, some benefit of doubt can be given under the name of character consistency. After all, the defence is callous, over-confident, arrogant and thus complacent. The prosecution is amateur and confused about his moral stand. It is also possible that we have been spoilt by smart-Alec lawyers in our filmy courtrooms and real life lawyers are not really always on their toes. But, after this leeway too, the stage doesn't look convincing enough. If real-life is what we are aiming for, some things work out way too easily. Like a bribe drops down from 5 lakhs to 1 lakh without much back and forth. Or evidence is pointed towards, out of the blue. So on and so forth. And I sincerely hope lawyers and judges don't have shouting matches in real-world courtrooms.This overall inconsistency and ultimately flat drama pulls Jolly LLB down and takes a lot away from the satire it started out as. The pull towards gravity though meets constant resistance from the cast. How wonderfully subtle and underplayed both Boman Irani and Arshad Warsi can be when allowed to. No, over-the-top histrionics, characters played out as haughty and simple-minded respectively. Saurabh Shukla too gets a role weighty enough to play around with. While a caricature, his act as the twisted-but-straight-but-twisted judge is something you won't forget easily. His maneuvers over the defence are by themselves worth a watch - thorough 'babu' style. All of this with no help from the dialogue. A mockery of dialogue within the film by calling lines 'filmy', doesn't make it any less filmy. It makes the lines neither filmy enough to applaud nor real enough to be believable. Further distraction is caused by songs that don't belong. And why is this 'promotion' song during end credits becoming a norm?Jolly LLB feels like it was undecided between satire and drama. It looked like the heart was in the drama, but a few satirical moments came by and went through in the film. That didn't make the satire bad, it just made the film uneven and took the focus away from the story - which in itself was wrapped in drama that was neither dramatic nor real enough. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      45 reviewers(?)
      -
      25 yays
14 so-so
6 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Anna Vetticad, 
        
          
             annavetticadgoes2themovies 
          :
        
        ...Jolly LLB is no Munnabhai MBBS....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nikhil Kumar, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...Deserving equal praise is Saurabh Shukla in his strikingly real portrayal of a judge not apt to be swayed by the lawyers’ spiel. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...Watch it to witness a rare entertaining court room drama from Hindi cinema....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...This should've been a songless fare. The songs act as a hindrance, for sure. Even otherwise, the soundtrack is plain ordinary. Also, the pace slackens, albeit slightly, towards the middle of the film. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Latika Payak, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...Boman Irani and Arshad Warsi present a befitting satire on the Indian judiciary...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Charu A Mahesh, 
        
          
             Buzz in Town
          :
        
        ...Background score is decent but how we wish the film was a song-less affair as the average numbers don't add value to the film but definitely to the length...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             cinemaah
          :
        
        ...The courtroom drama is enlivened considerably by Saurabh Shukla playing the judge, whose comments are funny and to the point...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mayank Shekhar, 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...This is a brave subject to film. Which is probably why none have been made with such attention to detail before....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Khalid Mohamed, 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Kapoor sticks to subtlety instead of lapsing into brain-blasting melodrama....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Subhash K Jha (IANS), 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Engaging courtroom drama, sparkling performances...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nikhil Arora, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...There is one moment in the film that particularly moved me, which I wouldn't like to give away. Emotional connection is established and even milked in spurts....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...Jolly LLB’s screenplay maybe predictable, end of the day it’s inspired by the real-life case of Sanjeev Nanda. But what the story lacks in terms of surprise, the cast makes up with its performances. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Trisha Gupta, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...Jolly LLB has heart in right place (and funny bone too)...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...The story is simple, and the screenplay is tight enough to hold your attention. It lags somewhere in the middle, and the sudden songs do not help, but you will keep awake only because you believe in the underdog....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...When you walk in to view this movie, do pay special attention to a garlanded photo frame near a canteen stall inside a court premises and a quick conversation between the judge (Saurabh Shukla) and high-society lawyer Rajpal (Boman Irani), just before a trial. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Despite the uneven writing, Jolly LLB works because it has heart...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Alisha Coelho, 
        
          
             In.com
          :
        
        ...funny, smart, gets a little heavy duty in the second half but is a movie that is worth a watch....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...Writer-director Kapoor must have been aware his biggest strength would lie in setting up showdown scenes between Arshad and Boman. The film thrives on their antagonistic chemistry.
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Joginder Tuteja, 
        
          
             Indicine
          :
        
        ...The man who brings it all together is Subhash Kapoor who makes sure that each and every scene in the film is well placed, justified and doesn’t bring any slack in the narrative. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mohar Basu, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...The screenplay is fabulously done. Everyone in the film has well etched out parts...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...He lets the screenplay do all the arguing on his behalf. The writing holds up rather well – it has legs strong enough not to give way under the weight of the ‘big picture’ that Jolly LLB seeks to project through a plain David-versus-Goliath skirmish...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ...deserves applause for a real story and one with a lot of human interes. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Srijana Mitra Das, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...You will not like this movie if you don't enjoy courtroom dramas with moral twists. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rummanna Ahmed, 
        
          
             yahoo! India
          :
        
        ...The film is a fun watch if you are willing to overlook its minor indulgences and the slow pace of the first half....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Gayatri Sankar, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...And who says only superstars can draw crowd to the theatres? ‘Jolly LLB’ will prove the conventional notion wrong....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Ameetbhuvan, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...The right amount of earnestness and honesty...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansi, 
        
          
             Eat Pray Love Movies
          :
        
        ...The songs seemed unnecessary and broke the pace (except the tiny winy mere toh...lag gaye ;) in the courtroom. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...It’s quite an interesting story but the director is just a little too apprehensive to allow for any fiery exchanges....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...Positioned as a David vs Goliath clash, the film benefits from some fiery courtroom exchanges between its two leads and Saurabh Shukla playing the seasoned judge...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Fatema H Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...Not only is the tone uneven, the story plays out a tad too easy while moving towards its denouement. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Janhavi Samant, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...The film’s worth a watch for these hilarious and quirky moments. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...Camera work is perfect in this film. There should have been some strict editing in the first half of the film along with few moderate cuts in the second half to make the movie crispy and powerful....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Karan Anshuman, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...Jolly LLB is what the minimum level of quality that as an audience, you should expect in a Bollywood film. Though formulaic and predictable, the story is also dependable and guaranteed to make you laugh while tweezing a tear or two out. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Jolly LLB could've been a riotous watch on a serious issue with ample scope for sardonic and witty takes, however, it ends up becoming a melodramatic just above average affair. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Namrata Joshi, 
        
          
             Outlook India 
          :
        
        ...The satire on the judiciary, inspired by the Sanjay Nanda-BMW case, with Arshad Warsi and Boman Irani as rival lawyers, is too regular and square to take you by surprise the way Phas Gaye did...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...I wouldn’t call this film realistic in the true sense of the word. Cases don’t get wrapped up within a few dates. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...It’s only courtesy the disappointing scripting that the highest point of the film comes in the form of Saurabh Shukla who outshines almost everyone, even the main protagonists Arshad Warsi and Boman Irani. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Sudhish Kamath, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...Jolly LLB’s idealism stems from small-town values of doing what is right....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Reel Reptile, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...While there is plenty of caricaturing (corrupt cops, rich perpetrator industrialist son, poverty porn), that could have been avoided like it was done successfully in the recent No One Killed Jessica, the one thing that works predominantly in favour of this film is Saurabh Shukla. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shalu Dhyani, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...The usually dependable Arshad and Boman come across as strangely one-note here. Amrita is seen on the screen after a long time but neither her role nor her performance adds value to the film. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shilpa Jamkhandikar, 
        
          
             Deccan Herald
          :
        
        ...“Jolly LLB” is at best an average film — one that could have soared but is weighed down by faulty execution....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...Calling your hero Jolly is pure gold, especially when he is played by Arshad Warsi, who looks right at home as an average Joe trying to hack a living....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Nandini Ramnath, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        .... The best-written and most memorable character is Justice Tripathi, played superbly by Saurabh Shukla...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...This Case Has Too Many Loopholes!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Raja Sen, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...funny in parts but preachiness and the need to flaunt the film’s sincerity and heart get in the way...

            full review
          

          240 tweeters(?)
          -
          190 yays
26 so-so
24 nays

_PunjabiMunda:
          #JollyLLB a painful satire on our legal system. A good way to spend the evening though !
        
_puneet:
          Go on... be a Jolly! #JollyLLB
        
_OhISea:
          Watched Jolly LLB. Good movie, story was better then Mere Dad Ki Maruti. Comedy factor of #mdkm was better because of the dialogues.
        
_ManlyMan_:
          Jolly LLB is actually a nice movie!
        
_adityagupta:
          Jolly LLB is a well made movie.. Nice and light and could be seen with the family.
        
zubinnalawalla:
          Just done with Jolly LLB. Nice one. Saurabh Shukla steals the show. 3.5 stars.
        
yashshah1994:
          Amazing Sunday...Saw Jolly LLB,delicious dinner nd all those priceless moments of laughter wid friends...#SundaysShouldCum7DaysInAWeek:P;):)
        
wickednoize:
          Waah bade din ke baad ek achi movie dekhi hai @bomanirani @arshadwarsi Mazaa aagaya #jollyllb
        
weezyfaisalbaby:
          The underdog rules the  film deals extensively as the lesser mortal character#JollyLLB  gives  the sauve lawyer run for his money!do watch
        
Vj_sahil786:
          #JollyLLB its really awesome movie @imarshadwarsi You Are too Good actor Love it oberoi mall pvr house full now everyone enjoy the movie :)
        
VIVECKVASWANI:
          there is no rocket science, or punditism involved. when i saw it, i knew Jolly LLB couldnt fail.
        
vishu_ishtaar:
          Jolly LLB ! Really an Impactful movie yarr ..... Jolly ne toh Phaad Diya solid !
        
VinodStudent:
          Jolly LLB - A nice movie, very close to the present Indian law system. Very good acting from MBBS to LLB & nice to have Amrita.
        
vinayrbh:
          Jolly LLB... Super.... Good watch !!!
        
verma_pankaj:
          #JollyLLB - My Rating 4/5
        
varunkachhwaha:
          Jolly LLB its good movie . Its about the case of Hit n Run case of Salman Khan. They Show The Truth Of his Case!!
        
VartikaOffice:
          Jolly LLB nice movie....:-) #Happy Sunday
        
vanityparty:
          The underdog rules the  film deals extensively as the lesser mortal character#JollyLLB  gives  the sauve lawyer run for his money!do watch
        
Tweety_is_here:
          Jolly LLB > full of gags and punches!! :D Loved it!
        
tweetw_ala:
          Sourabh Shukla was really impressive in Jolly LLB ! Very good movie !
        
TR_Sreejith:
          Watched Jolly LLB ,a  good movie...
        
TheTechMate:
          Back home chillin’ jolly LLB was fun !
        
thepreetpanesar:
          Just watched Jolly LLB!! Great acting and amazing substance in the movie and script! Well done brotha!! @imarshadwarsi
        
testifytazzy:
          In a world dominated by logic and practicality, Jolly LLB brings out the value of emotions, and thus a good watch.
        
techahmed1:
          JOLLY LLB my rating 8/10 enjoyed it.
        
tashu_02:
          Really enjoyed Jolly LLB...all did a great job but my favorite in the film was Saurabh Shukla (judge), simply loved him to the core .. ☺
        
tanya_iyer:
          #JollyLLB predictable but truly worth it! #arshad #boman  we want more!! :)
        
suresh0sharma:
          jolly llb is rocking fr.u should watch it
        
subuchak:
          2013 offered Special 26 , Kai Po che and Jolly LLB. No need for big stars to deliver a hit rather  you need a good story 2 do all the magic.
        
SrabantiBanerje:
          'Jolly LLB' is simply superb! especially 2nd half! must watch!!!!!
        
Sou_Reddevil:
          Btw Jolly LLB was a good movie..
        
souravmukherj13:
          Superb n Realistic....Acting Skills by d Judge n d Wakeels @ jolly LLB.....fantastic...presentation of real life Kanooni Expresionsss
        
singhal_272:
          #Jolly LLB : A painful satire on our legal system..worth a watch.
        
simplymunmun:
          jolly LLB.... jolly good .
        
SiddharthUpponi:
          Jolly LLB - Awesome Movie...
        
shubhamkul:
          #JollyLLB- Well depicted satire on Indian legal system. Well directed though a legal glitch. Cheers to Arshad, Boman & Saurabh trio!
        
shouvik:
          Movie marathon. Getting rid of the bad taste left in my mouth after I Me aur Mai and Attacks of 26/11. #JollyLLB the palate cleanser.
        
shauryakatiha:
          Ultimate performance in "JOLLY LLB" both of you @bomanirani & @imarshadwarsi, First "MUNNA BHAI" now this, A must watch :)
        
shaikh_azeem:
          Jolly LLB...jolly good movie, loved it...inspires people to stand up for justice
        
shahamish:
          Jolly LLB...a definite one time watch!
        
Sethumadhavan:
          It was a great [email protected] movies this weekend with #Paradesi,#MereDadKiMaruti,#Shutter&#JollyLLB.....mazaa aa gaya......
        
seemadubey:
          #JollyLLB Ppl exited elated, happy, admitting after long an EngrossingFilm- truly 'PaisaWasool'! Script n screenplay is King! Ppl clapping
        
sayanroy:
          #JOLLYLLB @imarshadwarsi shows us that satire works and how!!!! The movie is delightful.
        
sanushas:
          Jolly LLB-a good court room drama...
        
santoshn:
          JollyLLB. series of serendipitous events sees a lawyer thru. portrayal of court & judge very real. wasn't bad entertainer for a sunday #fb
        
sanotech86:
          Jolly LLB - a nice watch .. Saurabh Shukla is the scene-stealer in 2nd half !
        
sandhyamendonca:
          #Jollyllb is a rare hindi film, intelligent and fun. It draws from contemporary events, has slick dialogue n excellent characterisation.
        
saikat817:
          Jolly LLB could've been a superhit if someone else had done the role instead of Arshad Warsi. But still a decent movie brilliant performance
        
s3xyhibak:
          Jolly llb ! fantastic movie ! Only astonished by the name of the music composer - bublie bhai.
        
r_sumedh:
          Jolly LLB......a great movie! Arshad Warsi at his best! (Y) take a bow !
        
ru_ruchi:
          JOLLY LLB...must watch....comedy...:)
        
rp3192:
          Think u hv dun biggest injustice2urself if u dnt watch #JOLLYLLB . Awesome acting by @iamarshadwarshi and boman irani:)
        
Roy_8Rc:
          #Awesome flick Jolly LLB . Humorous, yet practical movie on institutional corruptions .
        
RounakJain15:
          Saw #Jollyllb. Worth watch surely. More Emotional than Legal. A power packed performance by @imarshadwarsi @bomanirani @AmritaRaoTweetz 
        
rohan_0659:
          'Jolly LLB' a Satire well made, Superb acting by the terrific trio Saurabh Shukla, Boman & Arshad Warsi. One of the best courtroom dramas :)
        
RituBenz:
          Something wrong with Bollywood !! So many good movies coming in quick interval ! Latest example is Jolly LLB :) must watch !
        
rejathh:
          Dont miss JOLLY LLB...fantastic movie..Hats off to Saurabh Shukla, Boman Irani & Arshad Warsi for the amazing performances
        
RajyaguruParth:
          Jolly LLb is out standing movie.....full to jakas...movie must watch.......it's story prove a fact......
        
rajsm:
          #jollyLLB , nice movie.
        
rajivdingra:
          Just saw jolly llb..very good film
        
rai_nishant:
          #JOLLYLLB Good movie. Dialogues could have been slightly better. Still very watchable ! @imarshadwarsi and Saurabh Shukla stands out ! :D
        
rahulksinha:
          Jolly LLB is great movie! Wonderful acting by Saurabh Shukla, Arshad Warsi and Boman Irani.
        
RahulDevAnand:
          Jolly LLB superb entertainment movie !!
        
rahul007_sharma:
          Love ur performense @imarshadwarsi
behad khubsuraT movie hai jollyLLB..
MaXaa aa gya..
Best movie of 2013
        
Qayed:
          Jolly LLB !! Nice story and did not bored at all.... The astonishing was the @PVR ticket @405 @ Saket !!
        
purvs3:
          JOLLY LLB is an awesome movie ! Hard hitting dialogues n some natural in your performances by @imarshadwarsi and @bomanirani ! Brilliant !!
        
Prrerak:
          must watch
#JollyLLB
        
prayujpillai:
          Just saw jolly llb. Amazing movie!  great acting @imarshadwarsi
        
PrattushaC:
          #JollyLLB was not bad. Pretty sensible movie
        
Pratik_Juneja21:
          Jolly LLB is Brilliant,not the perfect movie but very enjoyable. The second half of the movie is Fantastic!
        
prash_prince:
          Awesome simple and straight movie #jollyllb...boman irani and arshad are the best..but dnt forget to observe sourabh shukla..#toogood
        
phoenixwizard:
          awesome :D “@kshitiz: @apnerve @phoenixwizard Tuesday 10 pm . Rex. Jolly LLB. Tickets done.”
        
pherozevincent:
          jolly LLB is a wonderful film, especially enjoyable if you have ever covered the courts- like @jiby216
        
peeyush003:
          Just finished #jollyllb  ..guys must watch movie ......last 20-25 min. were awesome :-)
        
pawanMalhotra:
          Jolly LLB - quite Impressive but not presented well in cinematography
        
parthabharadwaj:
          Jollyllb is good
        
parinatha:
          #JollyLLB: Worth it. It was great to hear the audience clap and react through the second half. Good satire. Don't expect to laugh throughout
        
pankaj_sarkar12:
          #JollyLLB was a good watch! And I am in love with #AmritaRao again!:-)
        
OranzePlum:
          But the award for the most redundant music in an otherwise very good film goes to #JollyLLB
        
nsimhacharya:
          #Jolly LLB 11st movie since my foot injury tht i watched n boy wt a movie..not extraordinary but simple story impressed me.arshad n Boman...
        
noHITdhARMANI:
          #JollyLLB is a very nice movie with BRILLIANT performances by @imarshadwarsi @bomanirani and the one who is above excellence @saurabhshukla_
        
nitinrshingal:
          Watched Jolly LLb.. Enjoyed it!!
        
nilankandey:
          Jolly LLB...gud watch
        
nigamanandasaho:
          Watched Jolly LLB today.. Refreshing.. Lawers, Judges, Victims,Witness,police all are super funny/bunny along with the script.
        
NeilQuadros:
          Jolly LLB.. Good movie! Nice message.
        
NChowkhani:
          Went to the movies. Only ticket available: Jolly LLB. Exceeds expectation. Next Mov: The Reluctant Fundamentalist or Searching for Sugarman.
        
Naveen_762:
          Jolly llb..a sweet n simple movie with few gud thngs to learn n delivr in persnl lyf of n evry human being...:-)
        
MyIdolMasha:
          Who hasnt watch Jolly llb till now plz go watch it for @imarshadwarsi
 He as taken dis film to another level .improud that you bornin india
        
Muhammad_Yusaf:
          "Jolly LLB" awesome
        
mudit_vyas:
          Just watched Jolly LLB...well done arshar warsi and boman irani ..one of the best pictures I have seen lately ..#paisavasool
        
MS_2511:
          #JollyLLB nice one
        
MsMSaxena:
          Excellent watch #JollyLLB :)))
        
MortalsOne:
          And second half of Jolly LLB cruises through brilliantly !!! A No Nonsense movie. Must Watch.
        
MinahilNauman:
          #JollyLLB is amazing.
        
MereBina:
          Watched Jolly LLB really nice movie.. :)
        
Mental_FC:
          watched JOLLY LLB . nice movie . great for those who love to watch real life in reel .
        
mehtaprasham007:
          Jolly LLB. real coutsts of india. good movie :-)
        
mehranzaidi:
          Jolly LLB..fine movie..Saurabh Shukla brilliant
        
MaulikVyas81:
          #Jolly LLB: proves one more time, if story and actors are good, no matter its multiplex or single screen..it rocks
        
MasakaliBytes:
          Just watched Jolly LLB, good film. Guess this is what an eye-opener is called... Totally mantra-mugdh :) @bomanirani
        
MarwariTweets:
          Saw two movies back to back, #MEREDADKIMARUTI and #JollyLLB . Both r a must watch. #bollywood
        
manukaushik:
          I rarely watch first shows of the day. But Jolly LLB was fun. Recommend it.
        
mallikarjunz:
          Jolly Llb....nice movie...watch if u r from Meerut
        
mahe1966:
          Jolly LLB good watch with rockg acts by arshad, boman and saurabh
        
madanchander:
          #JollyLLB-a very simple yet well treated knot. Very minute punches that add good impact. Hats off to #SaurabhShukla. #AmritaRao unnecessary.
        
LOLendraSingh:
          Jolly LLB: Very near to reality n strikes right on the chord of Indian Judiciary System. A perfect watch for those who like real cinema. ***
        
K_SwarN:
          the movie really touched some blunt aspects of a life of a lawyer, although didn't fully convinced bt yet itz a gud one,  #jollyllb
        
Kunwar_21in:
          Just watched jolly LLB. Good watch, irani is great.
        
KothariHeman:
          Love the way Indian cinema is maturing.. Amazing performances by saurabh shukla, boman and arshad warsi in Jolly Llb!
        
koolviv:
          Law lag gaye...Law lag gaye badi jaalim hain zindagi...uski aisi taisi aisi taisi #JollyLLB...lovelyy movie liked it...brave effort by maker
        
KKopariha:
          Jolly L L B is a mst watch !!!
        
ketan_kaul02:
          And I completely forgot to mention that #JollyLLB is such a nice movie.
        
KavishShrimali:
          Watched Jolly L.L.B.
was a good movie............
dedicated to all advocates 
must watch ............
        
kaushrajv:
          JOLLY LLB ; Haven't seen yet ; Go & watch .. What a movie ..
        
kartik_leo:
          Jolly llb such a trt to watch
        
kaminithewriter:
          Just watched jolly llb; loved how the entire theatre clapped at justice being served.
        
jundr3:
          Saw Jolly LLB with pratibha and Akul. A great movie. Am depressed with the corruption shown which is a reality in our country.
        
jkpriyasays:
          #JollyLLB - a very realistic movie. showing the real court, law scenario. Great acting by @imarshadwarsi  @bomanirani & Saurabh Shukla
        
jiteshparekh90:
          jolly llb is awersome movie yar..........
        
JayshreeSundar:
          Jolly LLB. Certainly worth a watch
        
jaiswalmanas:
          watched jolly llb ..awesome movie hats off to @imarshadwarsi what a performance by him, will watch again with my girlfriend..
        
jaideepsharma6:
          A sunday well spent,Lunch with best friend then Jolly LLB and then quality family time. :)
        
i_tweetu:
          Watched Jolly LLB tday..chhaa gaye aap Arshad ji.ur graph is up-steep high wid dis..evrythng is gud abt it,bt it's YOUR MOVIE
        
i_m_posible:
          This weeks releases i.e Jolly LLB & Mere Dad Ki Maruti are nice movies. #Review #MustWatch
        
iRonCy:
          Jolly LLB,isn't great cinema;but it has enough engaging, savvy, amusing and, at times poignant moments to make it a jolly entertaining film.
        
immhemant:
          Go #JollyLLB to watch incredible Saurabh Shukla n Boman..True slice of lyf film tht shws hw corrupt Indian system cn gv such gud films!
        
Ikbal99:
          Jolly LLB the finest film I have seen after 3 idiots,hats off @imarshadwarsi
        
iGaurav27:
          Arshad Warsi Vs Boman Iriani, bhai mazaa aa gaya "Jolly LLB" paisa vasool movie. Reminded me of The Rain Maker. 5 stars !!
        
HusainTR:
          Great Acting #Jolly LLB..!! Reviving Indian Comedy..!! Respect @imarshadwarsi
        
honeykmr:
          Guysss go watch #JOLLYLLB
        
Himanshuradio:
          Tis yers 1 of the bst movi @jollyllb aftr @midnite cdrens,gud dialgue,@bomanirani @iamarshadwarsi g8 act,m chahun's trck ws gd..4out of 6,
        
himanshi_8:
          Its so good that films like Kai po che, Jolly LLB, mere dad ki maruti are being appreciated and accepted.
        
hassanchoudary:
          Jolly LLB is a solid entertainer. Excellent performance by @imarshadwarsi  #bollywood
        
gauravj_89:
          Jolly LLB ... Must watch...
        
GappistanRadio:
          Mast hai bhai Jolly LLB.. Sahi kaam kiya @imarshadwarsi ne lekin film ke star to Shukla ji hain..
        
GAB_Indian:
          Can't miss to APPLAUD @bomanirani for his performance and ever GORGEOUS @AmritaRaoTweetz in #Jolly_LLB, Power PACKED Court ROOM drama.
        
e_lisha:
          Jolly LLB could have been better but still a must watch.
        
eshatewari:
          Jolly LLB a good satire on India LAW system, corruptible courtrooms. Well done acting from Arshad Warsi,Boman Irani,
Saurabh Shukla
        
drnvikramaditya:
          After #JollyLLB Arshad Varsi will be next big thing in Bollywood.Must Watch.
        
DrAshray:
          JOLLY LLB ......NICE .....WE SHOULD LEARN to respect the poorest pple n their rytz.......well done....
        
diwakar909:
          Jolly LLB  a superb movie .
        
divyantagarawal:
          Nice movie Jolly LLB- a jurisdiction satire. Great work by arshad warsi and boman irani. Was quite an eye opener.
        
divyamaan:
          Jolly LLB is nice sarcasm on Courts and police. Would remind u of  Munna Bhai and Khosla ka ghosla I would rate it 3.5/5
        
DiveshIdnani:
          #JollyLLB has been watched. Good. Expected something, was something else! But good nevertheless.
        
DipsDanDavidson:
          Just watched #JollyLLB . I don't know whether fact or fiction, but it's a good display of our Judiciary system.
        
dignity_classy:
          Excellent work @imarshadwarsi #jollyLLB liked the movie....
        
DeepPurple15x:
          Jolly LLB is a good movie but @PicturesPVR metropolitan gurgaon still is not worth it. I should stop giving them my money #iamidiot
        
DDifferentGirl:
          Absolutely fantastic. Loved the peek into reallity #JollyLLB
@imarshadwarsi
@bomanirani
        
dataindiatweets:
          '@dmmovies's Verdict On #JollyLLB {Loved! Liked! Brilliant} (Rating= 3.5/5) Superb Performance By @imarshadwarsi & SoFab @amritaraotweetz
        
Dash_Adyasha:
          Jolly LLB a refreshing flick.Brilliant take on the loopholes in our judicial system. Kudos 2 @imarshadwarsi and @bomanirani for their acting
        
DanishAhmed:
          Jolly LLB is surely a nice movie.. I am wondering if the courts in India are really like that :-P @JollyLLB
        
dandiwakh:
          Absolutely "@mehranzaidi: Jolly LLB..fine movie..Saurabh Shukla brilliant"
        
DadhwalAkshay:
          Good story line#JollyLLB
        
concisetrade:
          JOLLY LLB the film has Heart Mindblowing cinema Meaningful cinema Realistic cinema,such a super film deserve super... http://www.facebook.com/concise.boxofficeindia/posts/541659682523496

chote_nawab1:
          #jolly LLB# have message and outstanding performances of @imarshadwarsi and @bomanirani ek RT to banta hai boss
        
Chilled_Garmi:
          Just watched #JollyLLB  :-) terrific experience of well drafted well enacted well shot film. Go watch experience n if interested learn. :-)
        
charuamar:
          2 entertainin films in a week #MDKM  #JollyLLB now lukin fwd to #ChashmeBaddoor #Himmatwala will sadly be a hit @ajaydevgn Y u doin dis?
        
chalta_ja:
          tday ws so gud nd #jollyllb mast.
        
ChairmanUvesh:
          Jolly llb.. What a film, what a performance..  is one of the finest actor India ever produced..!!! Proud of u Arshad Sahab..!!
        
chahal_anil:
          Watched jolly LLB today .. very well made movie. . Saurabh Shukla as a judge. ..just awesome. . Arshad played a trustworthy lawyer ..
        
BvsRavi:
          Just watched #JollyLLB  :-) terrific experience of well drafted well enacted well shot film. Go watch experience n if interested learn. :-)
        
brijesh27joshi:
          Jolly llb ! fantastic movie ! Only astonished by the name of the music composer - bublie bhai.
        
brarharlaj:
          Jolly llb is a nice movie.... made me so emotional n touched my heart .......... fantabulous movie..... loved it
        
boyzluvliez:
          Jolly LLB itz a nice movie…
        
BipolarTamilian:
          Jolly LLB was an enjoyable movie
        
BiggheRajat:
          Very strong performances by arshad warsi and @AmritaRaoTweetz  in #Jollyllb . A movie with definately a message.
        
BhavnoorSB:
          Jolly LLB is a loving film which keeps u amused for 2 hours. Arshad and @bomanirani are fab but show stopper is Saurabh shukla ! #bollywood
        
bhakatshan:
          jollyllb brilliant movie.arshad warsi rocks
        
Benaam23:
          Saw #JollyLLB. I have one word for you guys. Jhakas!!
        
beinghimanshu:
          Jolly LLB is Awesome Film...
        
BattaSunil:
          watched JollyLLB (Bollywood) and Silver Linings Playbook (Hollywood) in last few days.can't decide which one was better. Kudos to Bollywood!
        
Balizma:
          Jolly LLB uh hu... Not bad at all! :)
        
ashish_sardar:
          Jolly LLB ! One of the finest movies I have seen so far ! Great Performances !
        
AshishPasam:
          Jolly LLB is an entertaining weekender! 
        
ASEEMSAWHNEY:
          Jolly LLB an excellent movie. Must Watch!
        
arpitdusad2:
          #JollyLLB ONE OF THE
BEST FILMS OF 2013.......IT`S
ROCKING IN CINEMAS...........
        
Arichi13:
          there should be a special screening of jolly llb for kapil sibal and ram jethmalani.
        
archthegr8:
          #JollyLLB: Overall a good watch. Very bad camera work that gets in the way most of the time. But it's an Actors'... http://www.facebook.com/archthegr8/posts/10152352520102837

anumfaisal99:
          Jolly llb ❤
#amazing
        
anshu9843:
          #JollyLLB is an Honest Movie. I like it.
        
amsism:
          jolly llb is awsome
        
aman_8558:
          Jolly llb is a great movie and has a great experience of being a lawyer
        
amankatyal:
          Jolly llb ... Good watch !!!!
        
Akki_neeraj:
          Just watched #JollyLLB..#Boman sir is awsme as always and good acting by #ArshadWarsi too..love this movie.
        
aditya_writes:
          #JollyLLB - worth a watch !! Brilliant job @imarshadwarsi @bomanirani and a simply outstanding performance by @saurabhshukla_ !! Great FIlm!
        
adhishree1999:
          JOLLY LLB!!!!!!!.....ONE OF THE BEST FILMS OF 2013.......IT`S ROCKING IN CINEMAS...........
        
abhishek_s_n:
          #JollyLLB is a good underrated movie... go watch it..
        
AbhiSheK0ShukLA:
          Just watched #JollyLLB !! Awsm & very interesting movie . Boman Irani, Arshad Warsi and Saurabh shukla you all are rocking guys.
        
abhionsep:
          Jolly LLB,more than a movie...
Btw loved the acting of Boman Irani...
        
AbdullahOsman89:
          Jolly LLB.....u entertained me .....way to go subhashkapoor...
        
_Namita_:
          Jolly LLB. Hmmmm...  John Grishamish much..overall ok.. if you overlook Arshad Warsi & Amrita Arora breaking out into dance sans warning :D
        
SherTheBaloch:
          3G + Jolly L.L.B and Mere dad ki maruti...one time watch movie bt 3G kinda better
        
SandipGhose:
          .#JollyLLB a very average movie but resonates with the current national mood of a common-man (Aam-Aadmi) taking on the rich and the corrupt.
        
RrMahanta:
          Jolly Llb good comedy but not in directio
        
rohitsatiani:
          #JollyLLB found it intresting.Felt first half was okayish.Basically the fun starts after the interval.Spectacular performance [email protected]

Rida__:
          i just watched jolly LLB in theatres. Haha. It was okay.
        
PrahniikaB:
          Sometimes all a hackneyed idea needs is great deliverance. Jolly LLB.
        
p2kpradeep:
          "Jolly LLB" was just okay. Though it is filed under "comedy" the humor quotient was negligible. Amritha Rao failed... http://www.facebook.com/p2kpradeep/posts/10200842720689515

manju34:
          Don't know what's the fuss about the movie jolly llb. It was an ok movie. Nothing great
        
MalvikaChandan:
          Jolly LLB: stereotypes and cliches flock the film but endearing acting, like way Arshad Warsi refers to Saurabh Shukla as janab make it fun.
        
liLMiss_hAtke:
          Just saw #JollyLLB.Nothing great about this movie but made me think how justice in India is in shambles & police can be bought so easily.
        
Joojhaaru:
          Jolly LLB, for me, is the benchmark for average movies. Na acchi, na buri.
        
itsmepiyush:
          After a boring first half.. #JollyLLB had a better 2nd half but a predictable storyline.. #Boman Irani.. Again a very nice performance...
        
followabhi:
          Wud give Jolly LLB "***" 4 raising such topic ver our ntire judiciary system is made fun by few Lawyers however cud hve been edited well!!
        
codelust:
          If anybody should get seriously pissed off by Jolly LLB, it would be the Delhi Police. Movie itself is pretty average, post interval.
        
bollywood_metro:
          #Bollywood Metro: 'Jolly LLB' good in parts, but doesn't exceed expectations (Music Review) http://bollywoodmetro.com/music/jolly-llb-good-in-parts-but-doesnt-exceed-expectations-music-review/ #ArshadWarsi
        
biswaraj007:
          #JOLLYLLB FUNNFILLED,SATIRICAL(SO bit of impractical)kinda emotion driven movie,film catches 4m last 2 mins of 1st half. 
my rating-2.5/5
        
bhaskar_72:
          Jolly LLB. cant say must watch, can't say avoid. Go for it if you like a light non-preachy movie, with a hint of a soul.
        
bdevang:
          #JollyLLB is strictly a decent movie. its neither that funny nor hard hitting with lawyers facts. could have been better. very slow as well!
        
Bawli_Booch:
          Saare Jahaan Se Mehngaa - Above 3 on 5
Jolly Llb - Less than 3 on 5
Mere Dad Ki Maruti - 3 on 5
        
BadmashFRQ:
          Jolly LLB. A nice flowing, one time watch with little stupidities filled in between. #JollyLLB
        
BabaJogeshwari:
          #JollyLLB #TheekHain
        
aseemrastogi2:
          Rating - 3.5/5 "Movie Review – Jolly LLB" http://aseemrastogi2.wordpress.com/2013/03/17/movie-review-jolly-llb/ @funjabi_gabru
@_stoic_ @pranmaz @Saumil_J @AbidiRuby
        
apurvatank:
          Jolly good film but not worth the hype...go watch it only for surabh shukla...or watch insaf ka tarazu, waqt, meri jung,Damini#JollyLLB
        
adiramac:
          Watched Jolly LLB. NOT a comedy at all. But I was not really that disappointed by the end of the film. Could have been better, but good.
        
adhar86:
          #jollyllb enjoyable movie but very shallow and poor story
        
wistleinswallow:
          #JollyLLB - A sad #mockery of #Indian #Judicial system. Although it states fact but not intriguing enough to hold on to the viewers through
        
UJAAAS:
          saw both movies jolly LLB and mere dad ki maruti .....
 LLB - boring movie  
mere dad ki maruti - one time watchable
        
thinkdiffferent:
          Below Expectations ....... #JollyLLB
        
TheChaiKhor:
          Jolly LLB could have a better plot.Too predictable it was. #disappointed
        
swapnilchichani:
          Jolly LLB. God knows how is it getting decent reviews. Just avoid.
        
Shreya_1:
          Can't believe I'm saying this but Jolly LLB disappoints. #movies #bollywood
        
shantanuchouhan:
          This Case has too many loophole #jollyLLB
        
saeetendulkar:
          #jollyllb superlame!! expected soo much more from arshad warsi-boman irani duo!
        
rushiupadhyay16:
          Height of बकचोदी - #JollyLLB
        
princegoel_in:
          The best part of Jolly LLB is the Interval.
        
pinki_pune:
          Gr8 delivery by arshad and boman but a pathetically loose script. Confused abt my feeling!! mmmm...Nah #jollyllb
        
OmniComment:
          #JollyLLB = let down, shallow. But does raise a few q's. Where is the line b/w FOE & contempt re: judiciary bashing (even if fictional)?
        
NoorUbs14:
          Jolly LLB could have been better!!!
        
Nikhil_Rams:
          Saw both Jolly LLB and Mere Dad Ki Maruti over the weekend. Personally preferred #MDKM anyday over #JollyLLB. Much more enjoyable & shorter.
        
Namrata_Thakker:
          Jolly LLB could have been better!
        
MihirBijur:
          Watched Jolly LLB last night. Quite over-rated. Apart from a few comic punches from Arshad & Boman's acting, the rest disappoints.
        
MelwinPais:
          Jolly LLB - Flight never took off from Runway... Sad blending except for occasional humor...
        
mdhvv:
          “@_PVRCinemas: Describe JOLLY L.L.B. in one word!” NO!
        
MadGuide:
          #JollyLLB is a real torture. Wasted my money and sleep.
        
javiies:
          Jolly LLB is one bakwas movie.. Don't waste your time
        
GuptaAvi5050:
          Upset with #JollyLLB but @bomanirani ur outstanding in the movie....
        
Daksha17:
          Jolly llb, what a waste of time! *cant watch*
        
AnkurChilwal:
          Jolly LLB,,,, :D :D :D :D Bakwaas
        
AnaaPeshimam:
          Jolly LLB - A jolly bad decision by the makers of the movie!
        No readers have rated this movie yet.This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.@Meetu : 2 questions,what are your ratings for the 2 Munnabhai films?Does J-llb have more in common to Munnabhai MBBS than just its name?Hey Anuj, I don't see anything in common with the Munnabhai series, except for the cast. I loved both the Munnabhai films, Lage Raho more than MBBS. In fact, Lage Raho Munnabhai was the first movie reviewed on wogma :DI asked 'coz i heard that the director of J.LLB is gonna be directing the 3rd Munnabhai film....dunno what happens to that now after the court verdict on Sanjay Dutt though!@Anuj yes, I know. I think the Munnabhai series is a lot about the writing. I'm 50-50 about the next episode going to another director.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: A few fist fights.
Language: A few abuses.
Nudity & Sexual content: None.
Concept: A struggling lawyer takes on a successful, senior lawyer.
General Look and Feel: Ordinary drama, though it starts off with some wonderful, crisp frames. 


