
wogma rating: Watch when on TV/online (?)
Mere Dad Ki Maruti plays out like a situational comedy, the kind that starts with a lie and the lies just build up till they explode. It is laced with some hilarious one-liners and tries to be hep with youngistan lingo, but is ultimately predictable and generally silly.Films which start out with a lie and then build up on that lie with more lies explode in a typical fashion and thus are predictable in that sense. Mere Dad Ki Maruti too, falls in that category, and doesn't get too creative with the lies either. However, some witty one-liners and that it gets a couple more lead characters involved in its lies keeps the going slightly more engaging than otherwise. That too though, goes missing in the last quarter of the film. The co-conspirators suddenly vanish for a while and reappear. We are to assume they were busy hatching alternate plans. Watching Sameer (Saqib Saleem) dig his grave deeper all by himself gets a little weary. His motivations seem dramatic and convoluted. This is saved, to a great extent, by some very sharp dialogue writing. Sameer who is constantly put down by his father and sister gets back at them in his own way, if only under his breath. However, like his friend (Prabal Punjabi) points out, he is way too casual about the supposedly alarming situation he is in. Such is his contribution in keeping things light. Saqib Saleem, Prabal Punjabi and Rhea Chakraborty together keep the film young with their SMSese. I didn't find all of that too amusing, felt a bit over-done. But, then again maybe I'm too old to find this funny. The dialogue delivery is too fast, maybe in keeping with the fast-paced lives that the young and restless live.  The other one-liners though are witty and come and go quickly, keeping the audience on its toes to stay with the flow. The Punjabi bit is a tad too in-the face. So is Ram Kapoor as Sameer's dad. It doesn't help that we have no clue why Sameer is being put down so bad by him, and his sister for that matter. All you hear is this putting-down and suddenly you are supposed to believe that 'it's all for the family' after all. In this family affair then, why-o-why did a cheap dance, performed by a bride, find place? If it is to exaggerate of how ridiculously offending lyrics find their way to family events, it is in bad taste. Such things with a quick anti-dowry pointer just don't gel together. Even so, Mere Dad Ki Maruti is a decent watch while you are at it. It gives you a couple hearty laughs and you smile more often than not. Oh and be prepared for an extra dose of Maruti advertisement in the first half hour. Then again, you were already warned, weren't you?
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      31 reviewers(?)
      -
      19 yays
10 so-so
2 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...Ashima Chibber has surely delivered a decent winner here, particularly for the north belt of the country undoubtedly....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Prateeksha Khot, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...Shreyansh Agrawal’s storyline is wafer thin but Neeraj, Pooja and Ashima fill the screenplay with fun and rib tickling scenes...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...Mazedaar, masaledaar, full-on entertainer...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Prathmesh Jadhav, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...Mere Dad Ki Maruti is a sweet, no-nonsense film that makes you smile and giggle in equal proportion with its amazing simplicity....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...Sasti, Sunder aur Tikaau....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nikhil Arora, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...unpretentious fun and thoroughly watchable...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Prabal Panjabi as Gattu is outstanding and Ram Kapoor as the dad is excellent. He has really let himself go in this role. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...The strong Punjabi music in MDKM adds to the flavour and character of the film....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...It’s all good clean unadulterated fun and not even a hardened cynic can remain unaffected by it’s sheer joi-de-vivre. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...A well-choreographed song which shows a conservative Chandigarh girl, letting her hair down just for this one day. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Fatema H Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...Mere Dad ki Maruti is a joy-ride that gets its milieu right and is prettily non-ambitious to its own credit....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nayandeep, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Playing the temperamental and always screaming Punjabi dad with aplomb and panache, Ram Kapoor definitely deserves a lot more, given his excellent ability to emote...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nandini Ramnath, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        ...An unpretentious and enjoyable comedy about absent-minded teenagers...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Janhavi Samant, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...Although the film doesn't say anything novel, it is definitely a fun ride...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Chalegi Nahin, Daudegi!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...Kapoor pulls off a splendid balancing act between the demands of playing a loud-mouthed, demonstrative father at odds with a rebellious son and the innate skills of an actor acutely conscious of the need for restraint....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Raja Sen, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Heck, even the extras are cast well, right from a snoring policeman apologising to his wife in his sleep to the squirt who works for a bhai selling stolen cars. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...Making a film for the young doesn't just mean young characters and humour, it also means a contemporary perspective...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sudhish Kamath, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...Not just to the young. But also the young at heart. Go for it....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             cinemaah
          :
        
        ...Chibber does manage to catch the aspirational vibe of Chandigarh, where young people speak heavily accented English; the boys lust after mini-skirted girls, who wish to be seen as hot...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mayank Shekhar, 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...For the most part I am just not sure if they’re faking a broken English – “Am love you” – or parodying those who probably speak like this. Either way, the dialogues are quite peppy...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Subhash K Jha (IANS), 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...f Ram is in his element, his performance works entirely because of his screen son, who screams right back with a vigour and velocity that parents all over the world know and recognise to be sign of a generation plunging blissfully into that gap, which divides kids from their parents....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Ravina Rawal, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...The cast’s performances just about make the mark, with Kapoor and Panjabi coming up on top. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...There's plenty that's funny about this movie. It's just that the plenty does not include the two leading boys, who, unfortunately, occupy most of the screen space....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...Saqib Saleem is confident and uninhibited, and is blessed with superb comic timing, emerging an unlikely but charming hero....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...In a delicious sequence from Mere Dad Ki Maruti, we are presented with a bride doing a fully-clothed shimmy which is just risqué enough to cause the following...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Chibber's ace comes in her writing. Having combined with a team of talented writers like Pooja Desai, Neeraj Udhwani and Ishita Moitra, Ashima puts across some witty, humorous and heartwarming one liners that keep you interested in the plot. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...Another ace to her credit is the casting. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Renuka Vyavahare, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Rhea Chakraborty as Jazzleen is easy on the eyes, Prabal Panjabi as Gattu is adorable. He evokes maximum laughter. Saqib Saleem is pleasant but lacks the charisma of a lead actor....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sarit Ray, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...The predictable storyline could have done with more absurdity. The laughs are provided mostly by one-liners, extensions of the Honey Singh brand of humour...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Reel Reptile, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...Rhea Chakraborty as the nth Poo-bani-Parvati is attractive, but jarring with her on-again-off-again broken English effort. ...

            full review
          

          132 tweeters(?)
          -
          106 yays
13 so-so
13 nays

_yashah:
          Mere dad ki maruti=laughter riot...fab movie! Grt work @Saqibsaleem  @Tweet2Rhea @ramkapoor1973 .n hatsoff to gatteshwar.made my day
        
zoethekay:
          Saw mere dad Ki maruti yesterday!!! It's a fantastic loud typical punjabi type of a film!!!! Loved it !!!
        
WriterUnchained:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti was good, yes. YRF is coming up with some good films.
        
WinkyAnnie:
          A  must watch movie #MDKM .... u r fab @ramkapoor1973 like always, u hv shown ur versatility again... :))
        
waiting_for_sm1:
          watched Mere Dad Ki Maruti, super phaadu movie....enjoyd a lottt
        
vppati:
          Go for #MDKM:-) "@AapChutiyeHain: Meeting friends for a movie today,Mere dad ki maruti or Jolly LLB?"
        
VIVECKVASWANI:
          mere dad ki maruti was a fun film, a great watch, superbly correctly pitched writing, its not out yet, if its allowed to sustain, it will!
        
VGLICIOUS_:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is a good one time watch.
        
Varun_Official:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is a must watch
        
varuntan:
          Mere dad ki maruti -- a musttt watch
        
vanshpanwar99:
          MERE DAD KI MARUTI is a fantastique movie.
        
The_Teufel:
          So #MDKM was a good watch. Laughed a lot :D Ram Kapoor and Saqib Saleem did a FAB job..
        
TheTanna:
          Watched Mere Dad Ki Maruti... Awesome story line but just wished acting could have been better... Good movie...
        
TheFuzeTeam:
          Mere dad ki maruti...this film pakka will make us remember our college days, or embrace it even further http://twitter.com/TheFuzeTeam/status/313201896238223360/photo/1

TheFookFace:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti fits somewhere in the league of Vicky Donor. It's really fun and unassuming. Entire review here http://blastatrumpet.wordpress.com/2013/03/16/mere-dad-ki-maruti-review/

TheFilmySharma:
          Ashima Chibber's rocking debut in 'mere dad ki maruti' go guys, watch it. Music,dance,masti,good performances. You might fall in ♥ with it
        
sumatisweetu:
          Just watched mere dad Ki maruti, watch it guys, it's fantastic n very entertaining!!
        
sudnigga:
          MERE DAD KI MARUTI - Movie Review - http://www.madaboutmoviez.com/2013/03/mere-dad-ki-maruti-movie-review-enjoyable-film/ - A short and sweet entertainer!
        
stonedisabat:
          Mere dad ki maruti,haha....ultimate movie
insanely hilarious.
        
soothsayer88:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti :- nice movie to watch! ! :-):-)
        
sonakshi_luvsJB:
          I loved #MDKM ! Can't believe I saw @ramkapoor1973 dancing!!! Great performance! Great film!
        
sonaholic23:
          #MDKM Is full on entertainer, Y films rock this is there 3rd fab film in a row, Love SAQIB
        
snehapshenoy:
          #MDKM's a cute film tht teaches life's impt lessons with a lot of laughter..its got the right ingredients with some punjabi tadka..3.5 stars
        
shivam3vedi:
          watched "mere dad ki maruti".....nice movie!
        
ShihabShoron:
          People go and watch Mere Dad Ki Maruti to have a great time your family or friends. Entertainment is written all over it. #MDKM
        
ShibaniBathija:
          #MDKM @misschamko a fun, fun watch. Authentic and heartwarming. Kudos to the team. Go watch the Punjabis and their charged batteries
        
ShamsKabir:
          Watch Mere Dad Ki Maruti - a hark back to the Deepti Naval and Farooque comedy era. Unbridled family entertainment. Beautiful.
        
saurabhkhatri90:
          Had an awesome sunday @ inox mere dad ki maruti.... Nd
        
saginav:
          Do urself a favour this weekend, go watch #MDKM #LaughRiot.(y) #PunjabiTadka @Tweet2Rhea @Saqibsaleem @ramkapoor1973  @patilashish
        
Sacredinsanity:
          Watched Mere Dad Ki Maruti last night. That Saqib Saleem is so talented. And @misschamko's dialogues had me in splits all through. #GoWatch
        
sachin_pbs:
          Saw #Mdkm and have no words to explain the awesomeness shown by @Saqibsaleem @PrabalPanjabi..love you both..GO.WATCH.TODAY.ALL!!
        
rohitsatiani:
          #MDKM was hilarious .. A 'not to miss' movie.
        
RishiiMuni:
          Go watch 'mere dad ki maruti' for a fun time. It deserves a watch.
        
ravi_speaks:
          Thouroughly enjoyed #MDKM . It was super fun. @Saqibsaleem cha gaye sirjee. Way to go! #hithai #dubai
        
rameezrmz:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is such a fun ride! Laughed throughout the film. Fresh story & superb performances; it's perfect popcorn entertainment.
        
Rahul__haridas:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti Sweet Film!!
        
raghuvendras:
          Y films rocks!#MDKM is a refreshing entertainer. Enjoyed thoroughly. @Saqibsaleem you are a star actor! Prabal n Jazleen are very good. Cntd
        
Punekar_6:
          Mere Dad ki maruti a gud entertaining film. Enjoyed it more than Jolly LLB
        
PsychoMaan:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti was so much more fun than Jolly LLB
        
priaara:
          Watched Mere Dad Ki Maruti and loved it! @Saqibsaleem @PrabalPanjabi loved you two in MFK and you did a great job in this too!
        
PreetSonpal:
          Fantastic muviee ..! Mere dad ki maruti..! Saquib saleem and ram kapoor rock & steal the show..! Fucking Awesome..!
        
prateekjoshiji:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti is a Must Watch.. Perfect depiction of a Punjabi family.
#awesome
        
OyeManjot:
          What a movie #mere dad ki maruti loved it
        
OneColdCoffee:
          mere dad ki maruti ...one fun movie.... recommended to @agarwalpalakr
        
Nikhil_Rams:
          #MDKM Take a bow Y-Films for yet another high concept and super entertaining film that the youth will surely love. @Saqibsaleem @Tweet2Rhea
        
nikhils007:
          Mere dad ki maruti is a good watch
        
Nejosh:
          Mere dad ki Maruti is such a fun film!! A must watch!! @RadhikaBudhwar @ZeHarpreet
        
NeilSanghavi:
          Halfway through #MDKM ...Fantastic so far!!! Brilliant performances...Loud, Punjabi madness... Must watch :):)
        
nehasood:
          #mdkm is an absolute cracker.
        
Nehabhatia170:
          'Mere dad ki maruti'... Two thumbs up. @PrabalPanjabi @Y_films
        
neelapeela0:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is one of the funniest movies I've seen in recent times. Really feel good and a splendid performance by the cast.
        
navjeetsgill:
          Mere dad ki maruti movie......Must watch. ....
Awesome movie
        
Modhgil:
          'Mere Dad ki Maruti' is a delightful film for family watch. Not the same league as Vicky Donor but better than a typical Sallu starrer.
        
minimathur:
          Guys two good films this week! "Mere dad ki maruti" is such a mad, fun film. Took me back home to delhi. Full entertainment 
        
MeSoubhikNaha:
          What a day it was..Watched MDKM..A pure entertaining film..Loved it!! Lunch at Shiraz..Hukka at Choco Mania..and now Biryani for dinner!! :D
        
MarwahKarishma:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti :D ♥
        
ManojG7:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti - Hilarious movie !!!!
        
mainbhiengineer:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti achi movie hain, dekh lijiye. Awesome Punch lines.
        
lmkmoviemaniac:
          #MereDadKiMaruti movie review http://lmkmoviemaniac.blogspot.com/2013/03/mere-dad-ki-maruti-movie-review.html
3 / 5. A wacky, irreverent entertainer and a great branding tool for Maruti. Chk it out
        
laalfirangi:
          Just watched Mere Dad Ki Maruti. Don't remember the last time I laughed so much. Highly recommended.
        
KRUTIKABUDHANI:
          'Mere Dad Ki Maruti', good movie. Saw it with my Dad:)
        
krprabhakar43:
          #MDKM [email protected] IS DAMN HOT.. SALEEM IS SUPER..
        
kittyramandeep:
          wat a nyco movie Mere Dad Ki Maruti wd Rajesh Chandran Raj Kumar Bhawu Jain mohit and pixie di ,, MST WATCH
        
kashyappriyanka:
          Watchd mere dad ki maruti.. Damn mast movie suprlyk!! Full on entertainin.. :)
        
Kashyapkapoor20:
          #MDKM is a must watch @Saqibsaleem & @PrabalPanjabi nail it..It makes you feel you are in Punjab in all the punjabiness!! Kudos
        
KartikrockstR:
          #mere dad ki maruti .. A damn gud muvie .. Luvd d movie !!a powr packd entrtainr !!
        
Karankashyyap:
          Mere dad ki Maruti sweet sweet si hai :))
        
karan7sethi:
          mere dad ki maruti - out 'n' out funjabi flick with some good  punjabi music
        
KapoorWamika:
          Loved the movie mere dad ki maruti. Typical punju movie.
        
kalakaarsingh:
          Thank you pahji :-D #PunjabiyanDiBattery charge rehndiHai RT "@RochakTweets: Mere dad ki maruti... @kalakaarsingh - u r super in the film."
        
JOYDUTTAJOY:
          Mast jabrdst entertaining movif MDKM ;)
        
JASKARANKHARBAN:
          MERE DAD KI MARUTI WAS GOOD
        
i_m_posible:
          This weeks releases i.e Jolly LLB & Mere Dad Ki Maruti are nice movies. #Review #MustWatch
        
itzme_anish:
          Awesome Comedy --  @Saqibsaleem n @PrabalPanjabi. Aur Punjab Ki Shakeera -- @Tweet2Rhea kya baat hai... #MDKM solid hai bossssss...
        
Itemboi:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is such a fun ride! Laughed throughout the film. Fresh story & superb performances; it's perfect popcorn entertainment.
        
InterpretMyMind:
          I don't know how to say it but I actually enjoyed , "Mere Dad ki Maruti". OMG!!
        
imvkohligirl_18:
          Saw MERE DAD KI MARUTI! Ram Kapoor's acting is awesome.... the typical punjabi types! Good 2hr tp movie! My rating - 3/5
        
imMalav:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti was so much fun...enjoyed every bit of it...
        
iFaridoon:
          Watched Mere Dad Ki Maruti again..this time with family. A total stressbuster..battery full charged for the week ahead...
        
HoeZaay:
          The word is in that #MDKM is a fun film and definitely worth a watch! Congrats to @Tweet2Rhea @Saqibsaleem @ramkapoor1973 and @patilashish
        
himanshi_8:
          Its so good that films like Kai po che, Jolly LLB, mere dad ki maruti are being appreciated and accepted.
        
ginni67:
          Mere dad ki maruti.... Its a Riot!!! :D
        
Frantic_Soul:
          So I saw Mere Dad ki Maruti today. Must say. Super hilarious. Awesome humour packed in one movie. You all will die laughing. \m/
        
faniljain:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti
What a Troll..lol..movie haha.
Awkward Jugaads haha. 

 @ Fame Vashi.
        
faisal44rahman:
          Good fun. #MDKM
        
Emraanian:
          Loved 'Mere Dad ki Maruti'
Superb !!!
Saqib Saleem Outstanding Debut..
        
dr_gauravbhalla:
          Awsum movie.  mere dad ki maruti
        
dollyarya141989:
          #Mdkm entertainment entertainment entertainment congrats  @ramkapoor1973  :-)
        
Diya612:
          MDKM Wonderful movie wth perfect blend of all spices of life!Been ages since watchd a movie wer d entire crowd freakd out lol @ramkapoor1973
        
divlimbachiya:
          MDKM is a comdey genre movie with some wonderful punch lines from Sayeed and Ram Kappor!! True Punjabi will love it!! Rhea Chokroboarty ♥
        
dayasedosti:
          #mere Dad ki maruti is a very nice watch...in a low budget muv.
        
darshilj:
          Just watched #MDKM & @Saqibsaleem & @Tweet2Rhea along Mr @PrabalPanjabi have done a fabulous job..Go watch it #epic #LaughRiot
        
danishl:
          As expected, MDKM is a complete entertainer that provides wholesome entertainment!! ... Great work @Saqibsaleem . Congratulations :)
        
charuamar:
          2 entertainin films in a week #MDKM  #JollyLLB now lukin fwd to #ChashmeBaddoor #Himmatwala will sadly be a hit @ajaydevgn Y u doin dis?
        
captain_speakin:
          Mere dad ki Maruti surprisingly refreshing!
        
BubblySidian:
          Are you love me??
Coz I'm really love you !! ;) 
#MDKM !! <3
What a movie yaar !!! ;) 
#ThumbsUp to @Saqibsaleem @Tweet2Rhea 
Great Work !!
        
brokenHandle1:
          #MDKM is complete madness. Fun to watch !!!!
        
ayesha_91:
          ★★★★★from me RT @Y_films: ★★★ by Mumbai Mirror for #MDKM, 'Zooms out in top gear'. (cont) http://www.twitlonger.com/show/lanvcp

Arvind_jkt:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti, a 4 star comedy. Must see, I really enjoyed and laughed through most of it.
        
anwar_effil:
          Just watched #MDKM , awsome work by @Tweet2Rhea ... Must watch movieeee.. Love you rhea..
        
ankitvasta:
          Watched Mere Dad ki Maruti .. A genuinely funny movie and a great cast !! Ram Kapoor,Saqib Saleem ,Prabal Panjabi n Rhea Chakravorthy :) :)
        
ankitsharmatup:
          MDKM was an enjoyable treat. Brings out the punjabi in you which have been hidden somewhere.. A good watch @_PVRCinemas
        
anikachaudhry:
          Mere dad ki maruti is d funniest movie ! A must watch :D bad looking actors but still so cutee.(not d lead guy -.-)
        
akcortin:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is hilarious. double thumbs up.
        
addictiveeee:
          GO WATCH...MERE DAD KI MARUTI...NICE LIGHT HEARTED COMEDY..FOR A SUNDAY ...!!
        
abhi_nahi:
          Mere dad ki maruti is hillarious ....
        
_OhISea:
          So, I watched Mere Dad Ki Maruti. Story ain't that great. Ram Kapoor was the best,even better then that other guy.Dialogues were jokes #mdkm
        
womkerr:
          My review of 'Mere Dad Ki Maruti' --- A fun film, but that's about it. Ram Kapoor actually bade acche lagte hain --- http://womkerroncinema.blogspot.in/2013/03/a-family-car.html

UJAAAS:
          saw both movies jolly LLB and mere dad ki maruti .....
 LLB - boring movie  
mere dad ki maruti - one time watchable
        
SherTheBaloch:
          3G + Jolly L.L.B and Mere dad ki maruti...one time watch movie bt 3G kinda better
        
pradeep_smenon:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is loud, garish and mostly silly. A few fun performances & general Punjabi humour make it watchable, but nothing more.
        
Parasiglesias:
          #Mere #Dad #Ki #Maruti #gd1..! 1 tym watch!
        
newsexpresslive:
          'Mere Dad Ki Maruti' review: Not hard to like, just don't expect much more
        
Navjotalive:
          MDKM is good fun for the most of it but Maha inconsistent in terms of a script. Good one time watch if you understand punjabi culture.
        
mojorant:
          MERE DAD KI MARUTI - Decent comedy but truly an overdose of Maruti cars #fb
        
mayamusique:
          SAw Mere Dad ki MAruti. Cute film. Can watch it once. I thought the hero's friend did a fantatsic job with his role!
        
IndianMacFan:
          just watched mere dad ki Maruti!!!
Nothing but a TIme Pass One time Watch!!!!
        
Bawli_Booch:
          Saare Jahaan Se Mehngaa - Above 3 on 5
Jolly Llb - Less than 3 on 5
Mere Dad Ki Maruti - 3 on 5
        
Aarti139:
          Mere dad ki maruti #timepass :)
        
yagnpoo:
          Watch mere dad ki maruti only if they promise u free service for ur car..it's not worth the torture.. ok! Now don't judge me.
        
vjaaay:
          #maruti (mere dad ki maruti) the worst movie ever produced with ram kapoor
        
Swatsiie:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti is the stupidest movie ever. No point. At all. Got him by everyone I dragged on sunday morning
        
sakshij13:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti...WHY la? it was so bad la! :/
        
saikat817:
          Mere dad ki Maruti... #smh
god knows why i watched it.. :-|
        
ReelReptile:
          How. in. the. world. did. Mere Dad Ki Maruti. get. good. reviews? Have all critics checked into amateur asylum?
        
nriti88:
          Wasted my sunday watchin Mere dad ki maruti.. Never been so tortured in a movie.. Film critics n review writers pls stop lying!!
        
KarishmaKanaraa:
          I saw mere dad ki maruti
a real pakau movie
@kamaalrkhan 
@asliyoyo
        
KamathGurudutt:
          Mere Dad Ki Maruti -- highly boring film. Total waste of time. Do avoid it. Just 5 people in the audience. (Never know some may like it.)
        
indiantweeter:
          Mileage Kam de rahi hai RT @sukhkarni: How's mere dad ki maruti?”
        
BhatiaApurv:
          Despite reel length of 100 min.#MDKM seems 2 b lengthy.Doesnt hv its emotion in place #LSTCK is d best Bolly Punju muvi of recent times(2/2)
        
AmanjeetS:
          Pathetic ads.pathetic movie 'mere dad ki maruti'.well.indian cinemas.
        
311mg:
          Mere Dad ki Maruti is actually a 2 hr advertisement of Maruti Ertiga.
        No readers have rated this movie yet.This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None.
Language: A few abuses.
Nudity & Sexual content: A cheap dance number and a few skimpily clad women.
Concept: It's all in the family.
General Look and Feel: Young and eager. Light and breezy.


