
wogma rating: Add to 'must watch' list (?)
A simple Indian woman's complexes are explored with warmth and charm. Sridevi brings to us a home-maker's self-doubt with a wonderful performance despite the squeak in her voice and distracting accent.Sridevi is back! And I am not even a Sridevi fan, as in back in the days of Madhur Dixit vs. Sridevi, I was clearly in the Madhuri camp. Yet, I am excited to see her back. There is more meaning to these come backs by women leads from 15-20 years ago who took time off for family and now are playing their age. Okay, maybe a little younger, but nevertheless, it is exciting to see them trying stuff different from what they were known for. English Vinglish is going to take a dab at the importance of the English language in the urban Indian context. It is also using diaspora to accentuate this issue as most of the film is set in New York. It also looks like a tribute to the Indian housewife, who chooses to cater to her family but is looked down upon my most of the people around her. Sure, the condescending attitude of urban India is changing towards her, but it is nowhere close to gone. All these issues are interesting by themselves and in a way they are related to each other and can form an endearing coming of age story of an Indian housewife finding her way in New York. English Vinglish also seems to have a setting that reminds me of one of my favorite TV shows from when I was growing up – Mind Your Language. The signature tune instantly recalled and very fresh while even thinking about the show. Hopefully, the film will have a decent tribute. The lines used in the trailers, both tickle and seem insightful. Same goes even for the first look of the film, even though it was a little long. I only hope the film doesn't go all jingoistic on us and stays on neutral, sensible, logical ground.Meanwhile, Amit Trivedi seems to have again done a decent job of creating entertaining music.Music Reviews:
Milliblog - "Competent vompetent soundtrack from Amit Trivedi."
Music Aloud – "7/10"
dunkdaft - "A perfect - verfect soundtrack for the movie"
Bollywood Hungama – "3/5"
Bollyspice – "3.5/5"
Apun Ka Choice - IANS – "3.5/5" 
glamsham – "3.5/5"
Koimoi – "3/5"
Bollywood Life – "3/5"
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  The Indian mom gets her due from Hindi cinema. Finally. No this is not the educated, job-and-home juggler, modern 'aaj ki naari' (Today's woman). This is the one whose full-time job is to makes homes, the one who is so humble about her 'small' business on the side that the rest of the world is only willing to dismiss her achievements.   The woman who has never found expression for her confidence, until one day a slight window of opportunity opens up. English Vinglish takes this opportunity and ever-so gradually talks to us, her family, about our responsibility to empower her. While doing so it keeps the atmosphere light and lets you spend 5 weeks with Shashi (Sridevi) and her gorgeous homeliness.  Yes, I saw my mom, my nani (grandmom), my aunt, my cousin and countless other enterprising women in Shashi - warm, modest, coy, technically uneducated but sharp women. She is underexposed to the world outside and yet has a mind so broad, and an attitude so simple and clear that it would make some of the urban seen-the-world, know-it-all snots ashamed of their chauvinism. She is put down by those closest to her and that affects her more than the deep love and support that others might offer. Her pride is hurt and you see her swallow her hurt and even take blame to keep harmony. She beats herself up, for not having stuck to her "should haves", before anyone else could get a chance.  And yet given a chance, this meek, submissive lady can fly high if she somehow manages to find freedom.If guys out there think this a women's film because it sounds all touchy-mushy. You might want to watch it so you can empower the women in your life and see your world from their eyes.Sridevi brings out complexities within the life of a simple Indian woman with grace and elegance. Even if it were for a total of just 30 seconds, her dance is much more graceful than many of today's top actresses put together. Sure, her squeaky voice is distracting enough to make you wonder if Urmila Matondkar has dubbed for her in a not-so Marathi lilt in her Hindi. The constant stutter/hesitation and lack of confidence her character demands can seem a little repetitive. But her gorgeous eyes make up for that. And I just don't mean their shape or the way they are made up, but what they convey, the emotions they stir within. I don't know whether to thank her or be disappointed that she has made the typical housewife, larger than life.I doubt she could achieve any of this if she weren't provided with material to play with. Quite a few parts of this simple story manage to convey a lot about the relationships and their dynamics even though only a few minutes are spent on them in terms of time. I especially enjoyed Shashi's relationship with her son and the character of her spirited mother-in-law. On the other hand, the gay effeminate character is caricaturish and the charming, romantic French man is too good to be true. But, if that's what it takes to balance it off with a positive attitude towards sexual orientation and subtle, cross-border love, so be it. The other characters like say her husband and daughter were the stereotypical male chauvinist and ruthless teenager. However, we do have to realize that these stereotypes do find their place in every other household with some or the other variation. And some of them don't necessarily have an instant change of outlook within 5 minutes. I loved the pace at which English Vinglish goes about it's business. No rush, no great strides to cover lots of ground. In fact, at half-time, all you've seen is whatever you know from the trailers in terms of plot. Shashi Godbole is being put down for not knowing English. And you wonder how they are going to close all the threads in just over an hour. Yet, you haven't gotten bored. Even in it's entirety the plot has just the slightest curve in its arc. I'd have liked it better if I didn't know some of the punch lines from the trailers or they had a few more of them. Also, another slight sore point is that it does tend to get a little preachy, even as it gets masked under conversations and real-life speech situations. I also wonder how it'd have been to see Shashi do what she does while living in India, without using the American 'support' system as an anchor.With that we come to the question of the importance given to the English language in English Vinglish. On the one hand, I could get distracted by the supposed moral of the story, and the overt emphasis on the language. Because, surely an Indian home-maker in Pune, can get by without HAVING to know English and she won't lose much face either. The exaggeration is made to make a point. But Shashi's need to learn English is my mom's want to learn driving is my grandmom's drive to learn how to play the harmonium at age 75! It's not about the English or the car or the musical instrument. It's about confidence, it's about independence, it's because they didn't get to do it then, it's about being proud of yourself and finding self-worth, it's about feeling good about yourself. And for the rest of us, it's about giving them space to do so. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      54 reviewers(?)
      -
      50 yays
4 so-so
0 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Stefan S, 
        
          
             A Nutshell Review
          :
        
        ...The film's story worked on many layers, and what I especially admired is how Sridevi becomes the spokesperson for lessons without being too overt about it, save for the ending speech that hammers in the emotion,...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Amodini, 
        
          
             Amodini's Movie Reviews
          :
        
        ........Secondly I had seen the trailers, and Sridevi’s character in them seemed to be the kind of nauseatingly ultra-naive, over-sweet, over-moralistic person that Bollywood is so good at creating. .....I’m here then to tell you, O good readers, that none of my above fears came true. This is a fabulous film, even if it did have some flaws........

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anna Vetticad, 
        
          
             annavetticadgoes2themovies 
          :
        
        ...n excellent comeback vehicle for India’s most successful pan-India female superstar, but what makes the film work is that the director is not star struck....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Subhash K Jha, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...There are no villains in English Vinglish. Only imperfect human beings like you and I, who make that common error of taking loved ones for granted....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...Apart from its admirable simplicity, EV also has an impressive Background Score and some good soothing songs well composed by the talented Amit Trivedi....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anjum Shabbir, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...With no real scope for lip-synced songs, he does a marvellous job with the upbeat ‘Manhattan’, which really captures the beat of the city. The uplifting title track ‘English Vinglish’ and the fun ‘Navrai Majhi’.

Overall an extremely praiseworthy film. Excellent performances, e...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...Sure, masala movies are great fun, but a film like ENGLISH VINGLISH breaks the monotony, shatters the unwritten rules of the game and scores brownie points. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shweta Parande, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...Now if these reasons are not enough for you to go watch English Vinglish, find your own…but you have to watch it to know, of course!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by  Charu A Mahesh, 
        
          
             Buzz in Town
          :
        
        ...Sridevi has surpassed all other comeback queens of recent times. You find her a little reserved in the beginning. But as the plot moves, you’ll know why she’s like that....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             cinemaah
          :
        
        ...But, as it is with all good films it’s not the what that matters, it’s the how—and the Shinde-Sridevi combo makes the very basic telefilms-like inspirational story work well with the little moments that bring out smiles and cheers. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mayank Shekhar, 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...During her own career, Sridevi was widely criticised for her poor Hindi. It could explain her choice for this role. Restrained, distant yet effortlessly adorable, she certainly understands her character well. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rony D'Costa, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...It’s these subtexts that makes English vinglish such a refreshing feel good film and to top it all is Sridevi who makes you feel for her character at every point in the film....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Kshitij, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...The real star and backbone of this film is Sridevi. She emotes beautifully & it only feels like yesterday when she last did her last film....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Ameetbhuvan, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Watch her in the scene where she is elated at being called an Enterpreneur for the first time in her life, and you know that Sridevi is a class act....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Modest clothes, simple one braid hairstyle and a gentle air makes her the perfect simple housewife. However, the Sridevi spark is itching to get out and I felt that strongly...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by L Romal M Singh, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...Sridevi looked plastic in a few scenes — yes. Sridevi didn’t quite come across as a Marathi housewife in several scenes, much like rest of the cast — yes....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Aniruddha Guha, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...speaks a universal language...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mansi, 
        
          
             Eat Pray Love Movies
          :
        
        ...The film is hard hitting without being overly dramatic and that's its USP. A trademark Balki film!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepa Deosthalee, 
        
          
             Film Impressions
          :
        
        ...Sridevi may flounder with her diction, but she never fails to convey the inner disquiet of her characters on her expressive face....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Vivek Bhatia, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...Sensitivity is the forte of this film and it naturally works wonders. There are few well-written, delicious scenes which you’d wish would never end....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Trisha Gupta, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...that single fluid moment, as we watch her face silently transform from happy to tremulous to brave, encapsulates everything that the film wants to show us....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rubina A Khan, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...She puts the act back in acting with her performance as the subservient and tolerant Shashi Godbole ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...there’s a very chaste Indian sensibility to the depiction that flirts with inequality in conjugal relations and extra-marital temptation only to reiterate the happily ever after wrap-up....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepa Garimella, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...Gracefully mixing the issues of a homemaker's self-worth and culture shocks of desis abroad, English Vinglish is an unhurried, heart-warming slice-of-life depiction of Shashi's adventures. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...This movie is a lesson for married couples, children, families and even friends....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...On the flip side, one does wonder that why did she never dare to make the move (to learn English) all these years, instead waiting to come down to USA to make her big-decision. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...English Vinglish falters in the second half. The pace drops and Shashi's English class seems like an outtake of Mind Your Language...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...There's little that's blazingly original here; much of it feels formulaic and predictable, in fact. Yet Shinde knows there's comfort to be found in the familiar, and she mines feel-good moments in been-there-seen-that territory. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...Shinde is impressive with the feel-good portions but she does go over the top with melodrama in a bid to give the film its emotional core....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...The understated Adil Hussain plays Mr Godbole who is complacent when his wife’s laddoo-making abilities are to the fore, but is shaken when he sees her stand next to a good-looking Frenchman (Mehdi Nebbou) who is in her English class. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Indicine
          :
        
        ...Without getting too preachy, director Gauri Shinde takes you on a journey full of life lessons. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sanjukta Sharma, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        ...The actor will not remind you of her electrifying old self here. She is mellow and restrained despite the characteristic tremor and shrillness in her voice. Her emotive skills are a thousand shades more restrained and calculated, fitting the role perhaps, but a far cry from the Sridevi we know. T...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Janhavi Samant, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...As Mr Godbole (Adil Hussain) does a fine job, but I doubt whether he will get many fans with this role....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Although the story is very simplistic and quite predictable, the scenes are so well-written that you will find yourself glued to the proceedings from the word Go! ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Aakash Barvalia, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...The entire screenplay is filled with light-hearted moments, emotional sequences, inspiring and also some funny sequences....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Saumil Gandhi, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...Unlike her protagonist, the makers of the film have no complexes about the simplicity of their idea. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...English Vinglish stands tall on the shoulders of two courageous women, Gauri Shindi and Sridevi ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Namrata Joshi, 
        
          
             Outlook India 
          :
        
        ... The halting English appears a bit practised and we may keep debating about whether she looks too thin or if her nose is a bit off. But she is persuasive, delightfully spontaneous with the kids...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Afshan Shaikh, 
        
          
             Planet Bollywood
          :
        
        ...Priya Anand fits into the role of an empathetic girl with a lot of freewill who likes her Shashi maussi and encourages her to learn English....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Raja Sen, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...The result is simple, effective and undeniably striking: rather like the sarees Shashi constantly wears (and even, inexplicably, sleeps in.)...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shilpa Jamkhandikar, 
        
          
             Reuters
          :
        
        ...Don’t we all have that relative or parent who struggles with a fancy mobile phone, or has trouble conversing with your friends, because they haven’t been able to catch up with the pace with which this country is moving?...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Ruchi Mehta, 
        
          
             Roochster
          :
        
        ...Sridevi has been a star in her years so to watch her again was a treat but I felt that she did hold back a bit. Obviously there’s been a huge gap after which she’s made a comeback and her character’s not supposed to be the typical dramatic housewife we’ve seen in the movies but the ‘Srideviness’ in her was missing. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...Beautiful cinematography (Laxman Utekar) and dexterous editing (Hemanti Sarkar) elevate the film further. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ... Vivek Bhatia succeeds as a writer, especially for witty and well crafted dialogues...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bhawana Somaaya, 
        
          
             Star Blockbuster
          :
        
        ...The story, the treatment, the script and the characters, but most important the director. Gauri Shinde portrays the chronicle of a housewife with warmth and insights. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...Right from the first scene to the end, Gauri projects a brilliant graph in the storyline with the many ups and downs keeping you glued to your seats....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sudhish Kamath, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...It is a delightful ensemble that makes sure you are entertained all through. Be it pretty Priya Anand who makes a fine Hindi debut, the charming French actor Mehdi Nebbou or any of the other supporting actors for that matter, they all get to make an impression ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Meena Iyer, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Amit Trivedi's music is hummable. The title track, Gustak dil, the Marathi remixes of the Navrai Mazhi; all of it is mesmerising....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Banno, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...The film is aided by good music by Amit Trivedi, the tracks are hummable and catchy, and add a kick to what could easily have been a slow film. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Resham Sengar, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...designer Sabyasachi has done his job very well in dressing up Sridevi in colorful khadi sarees that suit her age and role....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Baradwaj Rangan, 
        
          
             Blogical Conclusion, The New Sunday Express
          :
        
        ... Wouldn’t a better way to go about it lie in showing that Shashi made a success of herself despite not knowing English? ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Khalid Mohamed, 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Just about okay shokayJust about okay shokay...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Roshni Devi, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Sulbha Deshpande (as Shashi’s mother-in-law), Sujata Kumar (as Shashi’s sister) and Shivansh Kotia (as Shashi’s son) suit their roles to the T....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...English Vinglish, for all its surface gloss and clean family entertainer aspirations, doesn’t possess that little something needed to turn a one-dimensional account of the makeover of an unassuming homemaker into a convincing, universal drama about a woman’s empowerment. ...

            full review
          

          301 tweeters(?)
          -
          288 yays
9 so-so
4 nays

_viju:
          Light yet charming movies like English Vinglish need to be made more often. Thank you Gauri Shinde and Sridevi. And also Amit Trivedi.
        
ZamaaK:
          English vinglish.. Really nice movie!! (Y)
        
yonderlywonder:
          My 'review' on English Vinglish... I loved it, BTW. http://akinakg.wordpress.com/2012/10/07/when-sridevi-introduced-me-to-my-mom/

YashArtReAct:
          Watched English Vinglish movie. Liked Sridevi acting d best movie of d year thumbs up 4 Barfi & English Vinglish movies :)
        
WisestCaptain:
          Saw English-Vinglish! I rate it Very good....however Sridevi was not a convincing Maharashtrian.
        
vivetharamesh:
          must watch english vinglish
        
VishwasBodhayan:
          "ENGLISH VINGLISH"- Simple, Striking and touching..
        
vishnugopal:
          Loved English Vinglish. Good movie! — https://t.co/yGlTIGX9

vijaywishwell:
          Watched English Vinglish
2day.Loved It
thought more things abt
human value than abt English.
Must watch for all
with their parents.
        
varshavenkat:
          English vinglish ! #mustwatchmovies
        
urvisoni697:
          saw english vinglish .. its an awesome film.. mustt watchh!!
        
ursmurty:
          Just watched #english vinglish it is nice. Laddoo is sweet
        
UnnamedEntity:
          Watched off English Vinglish. Did not cringe or face palm at any point, laughed out loud several times and smiled through most of it.
        
UMarthaa:
          Aw, English Vinglish is such a cute film!
        
toshupost:
          English Vinglish - A must watch, good family movie after a long time.
        
TOONTRAFFIC:
          Watched English Vinglish..what a delightful experience. A perfect comeback by Sridevi...
        
TheNameIs_Tony:
          English Vinglish leaves u with a big smile on ur face n a content that its worth the watch and ur 60 bucks..was great to see Ajith in it..
        
TheHumerus:
          English Vinglish. Good stuff. Only if Sridevi weren’t sickly thin.
        
TheFilmySharma:
          English Vinglish is one of the best directed movies in recent times. Simply loved it ☺ guys please watch it asap!
        
TheaSelene:
          Sridevi's Look in English Vinglish: 


First of all, this is an awesome movie. If you have the time please do wa... http://bit.ly/UvnCg1

tetisheri:
          English Vinglish reminded me why learning French was such a wise move. A winner is me.
        
Tejasvita:
          English vinglish was a breath of fresh air with its non-OTT kinda situations and simple, sincere treatment. Loved it! Sridevi was super!
        
teemus:
          English Vinglish has got to be the classiest Bollywood movie released this year. Sridevi's performance is brilliant! Inspiring story. #fb
        
tdedhia27:
          English-Vinglish an extremely praiseworthy film. Excellent performances, especially from Sridevi. A beautifully... http://fb.me/1DzvESBFU

TastyRaku:
          Its all about English Vinglish !! Wat a comeback by Sridevi !! Hats off to Gauri Shinde .. Superb movie !! A must watch !! #EnglishVinglish
        
tashaa26:
          I loved sridevi in English Vinglish! Awesome acting sridevi!!u absolutely rock!!
        
TARANDEEP17:
          English Vinglish. Sleak nd simple Mvie. Gr8 mvie..
        
Taran1647:
          English Vinglish is a really good movie! Highly recommended!
        
Tanvii:
          It's like Sridevi had never left. What a sensitive & touching performance in English Vinglish
        
swapnielin:
          English Vinglish... Two things  1. Respect your parents.......     2. Learning has no limitation of age....
        
suryamurali:
          English Vinglish is a cute movie. Sri is mindblowingly gorgeous & that li'l kid, ooh wish I could take him home. AB's cameo is nice too.
        
sunultimate07:
          hey @_tharkuri.. English Vinglish is fun.. sridevi awsum n thala (Tamil version) rocks!! a feel gud funny movie!! :-)
        
SuKu18:
          When u stop loving yourself, u look at things around u and get attracted to them. 
Credits - Sridevi - English Vinglish 
So true !
        
sujoy_g:
          saw ENGLISH VINGLISH.. very nice film. you must see it, if you haven't already. hawa hawaii is back and how! sridevi is outfstanding!
        
SudhanshuSahu3:
          English Vinglish simple ,sweet ,be happy what u are....not be sad for wat u are not..#Lovedit
        
Su4ita:
          Do yourselves a favor, watch English vinglish. If you know love, if you know honesty and if you know kindness, you'll identify with it.
        
stuli1989:
          Been a spate of good movie recently :) Barfi... Oh My God...English Vinglish :D Aiyaa coming up fingers crossed for that one
        
stfuDarling:
          Sridevi so adorable in English Vinglish
        
ssspk:
          English vinglish ... can watch once more !
        
Sritha24:
          Enjoyed English Vinglish!! Sridevi and wooowii Priya, you were adooooooorable!!! We love youuuu @PriyaWajAnand
        
sreeram9030:
          Such a lovely and inspiring message oriented movie ENGLISH VINGLISH.must watch Atleast once.
        
sourabha:
          Totally loved 'English Vinglish'... Well directed
        
soumya_ahuja:
          English Vinglish is a must watch for every Indian family.. Solid, Sweet, Simple and Self..A wonderful comeback !
        
soumna:
          English Vinglish was good too.
        
soumitra_sharma:
          Catch English Vinglish - one of the most intelligent movies to be made in recent times
        
Sophie_Choudry:
          Finally saw English Vinglish!What a lovely film & my fave Sridevi is just outstanding..A masterclass in acting..It's like she never stopped!
        
SomyaSaxena:
          Its all about English Vinglish!! What a sweet simple film :)
        
somoritabarua:
          recommends English Vinglish. It's a very good movie! :) <3
        
smtmunjall:
          English Vinglish is a must watch lighthearted movie with a great lesson. Amitabh B and Sridevi nailed it.
        
SKY_Agnostic:
          English Vinglish... Warm and Reassuring :) http://wp.me/p1Iv8e-2f

sirpy:
          In some other related news, watched English Vinglish in Hindi, with mom, who does'nt understand Hindi. She loved it as I did I. (1/2)
        
simplysoma4u:
          Gr8 film English Vinglish...njoyed thoroughly...
        
sidelower:
          English Vinglish - had it's flaws but an earnest effort from everyone behind it. 4/5 from me. And then there is Sridevi
        
Shubhammehta007:
          Great comeback #Sridevi English Vinglish truly a light weighted awsmee mvie!
        
shridharpandey:
          English Vinglish - AWESOMESS!!!
        
shivangichavda1:
          Watched English Vinglish! It forces you to retrospect , introspect your behaviour to ones who has language barrier!
        
shit_iz:
          English vinglish hits the right notes in its own fresh style in countable number of scenes but well, boring.
        
Shibbir1:
          #Sridevi makes a beautiful & graceful comeback with English Vinglish. An excellent directorial debut for Gauri Shinde. A nice family film
        
sharmisirius:
          English vinglish such a simple modest and impressive movie... Thala's appearance short n mass...:):):):)
        
sharabikababi:
          Y'all need to see English Vinglish. It's uhh-mazing. Sridevi wins bollywood! Also, the lahori character is hilarious and spot on :)
        
shankarmitra:
          English Vinglish is a family movie...great acting by Sreedevi...far better than top grosser(ETT) of this year...
        
shailavi:
          English Vinglish ::: awesome movie !!!
Also the First movie of Sydney :)
        
shahirlallie:
          English Vinglish, Awesome Film and Awesome Tracks a must see...
        
shagufta147:
          English Vinglish was lovely though really think they should have put subtitles for the french bits
        
ShaadiShuda:
          English Vinglish made me smile a lot of times. Must watch for people who invented #grammergandu.
        
Serendipeety:
          English Vinglish: A very hearty and delightful movie! Leaves you with a smile that doesn't wear off for a while.
        
SeethaTweets:
          English Vinglish will surely leave u with a big, everlastin smile :) Loved it :) A MUST WATCH !
        
saurobroto:
          English vinglish..simple movie..strong message..really makes u feel good..reminescent of cheeni kum
        
saumyatandon:
          This has been a year of woman centric films. Kahani, heroine, English Vinglish, Aaiya who says hero's make movies sell. A good film does.
        
SatyarthNayak:
          Sridevi was one of those rare actors who could shine even in a bad script. And when she gets a fab script like English Vinglish, it doubles!
        
sanybaby21:
          #MyReview saw both #KLPD n english vinglish.both r family entertainers n fantastic..enjoyed a lot!
        
sandy1404:
          English Vinglish - Warm, tender, real (minus the little filmy parts... but then it's a film!) with some mind your language settings. #iLike
        
sameermkulkarni:
          English vinglish.. #bollywood ... must watch ...
        
SalmaZaidi:
          Watched English Vinglish in the land of English men. A very sweet movie and a must watch...Sridevi rocks!
        
sahibaskaur:
          English Vinglish !!! F**king Brilliant !!!!!! Loveth thou my Sri Devi!!
        
Saguna_18:
          English vinglish <3 :-)
        
sadpidnas:
          English Vinglish...predictable but heart-warming and fun!
        
sachinnotty:
          English Vinglish is so charming...formulaic but feel-good. Has a big beating heart at its centre, and that's Sridevi, who's just terrific !
        
s0mnath:
          English vinglish 10/10 .. Atti uttam chalchitra !!!
        
r_ganesh:
          English Vinglish cute feel good movie. Kudos to writer-director Gauri Shinde but Balki touch evident throughout
        
rutujajagtap:
          English vinglish... Super movie.. Great work--- Gauri Shinde.
        
rumna:
          I rated English Vinglish 7/10 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2181931 #IMDb
        
ruchichauhan08:
          English vinglish...sweet,simple and cute movie
        
rsrinivas34:
          Identify Courage Zone to get out of Comfort Zone -- #English Vinglish
        
RReporterIndia:
          Movie Review: English Vinglish RATING**** http://bit.ly/R8eRlG

rocksvalley:
          English Vinglish was an eye opener.... fantastic performance and need a standing ovation too! Hawa hawai is back wid a blow.
        
rjanup:
          Mirchi bioscope : English vinglish -4/5 Mrichis 

http://soundcloud.com/rj-anup/english-vinglish-4-5-mrichis http://fb.me/24l21FEDL

Rishabh_Nigam:
          #sridevifanclub English Vinglish is a must watch....
n #Sridevi is absolutely fantastic!!
        
richamohanty:
          Sridevi is back and how! English vinglish is a must watch!
        
ReetEMA:
          Barfi, Oh My God and now English Vinglish. What a bollywood treat!
        
Ravi_Risingstar:
          It is Raining Good Films Like OMG now English Vinglish....Great.. And Much more to Come this year....Indian Film Industry is Rocking.....
        
RavishedIyer:
          English Vinglish was so wonderful . Sridevi showed that movie doesn't require skin show to be a hit 
        
rashmiaich:
          Loved English Vinglish! But Sridevi needs Hindi lessons as well :)
        
ranveer_78:
          When Sridevi acts in English Vinglish u gotta sit, appreciate and and clap. What a comeback..an education in acting:)
        
rakeshkavin:
          English Vinglish...realy an awesome movie
Well directed n casted. A real feel good movie...a must watch..
        
rajanib3:
          watched movie english vinglish today,liked it veeerrrrrrry much sridevi was damn gud.
        
rahultripathi43:
          English Vinglish a Visual Delight :) Fantastic performance by the Lady with the beautiful Eyes Sridevi!!!
        
Rahul99776:
          English Vinglish: Education can make a big "difference" in your life. For learning there is no age. :)
## Inspiration
        
puneetsharma7:
          i Saw #english vinglish 3rd tym...Still feel fresh.....:)
        
PuneetLamba:
          I highly recommend the inspirational English Vinglish. Sridevi's triumphant return to film after a 14 year break. http://ow.ly/ehYhS

priya_kale:
          English vinglish. I liked viked. Worth a watch shotch. First movie in which sridevi was not annoying vannoying. Ok, now I'll stop vop.
        
PRETTIJAIIN:
          English Vinglish is a must-watch film.It is extremely touching!Original&interesting!Amazing comeback by Sridevi!
        
premasridevi:
          English Vinglish...Too good... Standing ovation to Sridevi...
        
preetishenoy:
          Absolutely loved English Vinglish. It is after a very long time that a bollywood movie has managed to stir deep emotions in me. Brilliant.
        
Praval:
          English Vinglish isn’t a hyped movie. It’s worth a watch. A good one. #fb
        
PratikKGupta:
          Watched English Vinglish. A Beautiful movie with a beautiful message!!!
        
prasanaelang:
          English vinglish.... very nice movie,... need to c all male dominant family prsns.... good concept!.....
        
PrakashS1980:
          'English Vinglish'. It's warm and fuzzy, and leaves you with a big smile on your face.
        
pragati_shukla2:
          "English vinglish", an ordinary story presented in an extra-ordinary way.. a must watch movie..
        
potato_wingd:
          English vinglish- must watch. :-)
        
Pooja__Shetty:
          English vinglish awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
        
piyush_spce:
          English Vinglish is just awesome.
        
pinkydanani:
          English Vinglish ...super entertainer sridevi ur a legend...rest new ones are faded..compared to sri..we love you
        
Pin2artist:
          After 15 years a brilliant come back... From Sridevi... English Vinglish a outstanding movie... Superb script and... http://fb.me/2jEe34IEu

phizzical:
          I urge every one to see English Vinglish - I walk out with a huge grin, proud of the wealth of talent that is... http://fb.me/1g112hckG

percepshun:
          English Vinglish is a nice movie..the kind from which you learn a lesson and enjoy too with no guilt pangs attached..
        
peddadas:
          English vinglish...wonderful movie..
Sridevi you are such a gifted actor...
        
pawaniitdel:
          Watched English Vinglish..A Nice feel gud movie.. Sridevi Welcome Back..As elegant & Charming as ever..Flawless performance..
        
PatigeVishwa:
          Kids can't be harsh on mums.Watch movie English-Vinglish
        
parthasinha:
          English Vinglish is a sweet movie - srideviakes laddos through the entire movie.
        
parin_thakkar:
          english vinglish rocking movie
        
paediatrix:
          Seriously, Bollywood is on a roll with first Barfi! and then English Vinglish. Two awesome flicks back to back. Now just need to watch OMG!
        
OhMrRaja:
          English Vinglish was brilliant .
        
niyumehta:
          English Vinglish was very cute,awesome very well made,directed,narrated movie& expressed by fabulous& gorgeous sreedevi :D
        
niyati21888:
          just saw english vinglish... loved it for its real potrayal of the current times... hats off to Gauri Shinde...
        
niranjan_ganesh:
          toady went to english vinglish.remarkable performance by sridevi...its a feel good film with a clean and clear script..nice job by G.S
        
nilimakhot:
          English Vinglish...has shown to the world again that,Indian women are good enough to manage their HEART,HEAD,and HAND..(HUSBAND).
        
nilanjanap:
          English Vinglish...lovely. Sridevi...stunning!!!
        
niha_2389:
          English-vinglish = sweet-Shweet!
Sridevi- Vridevi = Lovely-Shovely!
;-)
Happy-shappy, total-shotal! :-)
        
nidhi_hasija:
          What a grt day yesterday! Too many things! Inked, English Vinglish n WI winning! It had been a remarkable day!
        
namratabhagwat:
          Thumbs Up to English Vinglish ☺
        
myselfr7:
          Watched English vinglish, footy, did chores, work, procrastination #weekend. Vicious cycle starts again in 5 hrs
        
MuthuKrish7:
          Tamil Review: 'English Vinglish' is an engaging film: The films script is simple but razor sharp. It has all... http://dlvr.it/2HGKGy

MsBollyB:
          Three beautiful movies I loved recently: Barfi!, Oh My God and finally English Vinglish. Next will be Jab Tak Hai Jaan ♥
        
mrasadgillani:
          English Vinglish very good family movie :) enjoyed it
        
MovieReviews_MS:
          5/5 Review on English Vinglish by nimisha23377 : Awesome-movie-a-MUST-WATCH-with-family- - http://bit.ly/PLysXA

Moumita1:
          Happy to see one of my favourite actor, Sridevi, come back with such a lovely movie, English Vinglish. @gauris you worked wonders. Loved it.
        
ModjoG:
          English Vinglish, a beautiful movie. Indian cinema finally coming of age!
        
mit21:
          'English Vinglish' a must watch. Cheerful, neat and good directed movie. Gauri Shinde good job!!!
        
MissyPBS:
          Just watch English Vinglish. Superb movie n great come back by sridevi n great role by big b!
        
mikig2:
          English Vinglish turned out to be a really good movie.
        
MiKayMhanto:
          English vinglish spells awesomeness.special mention to sridevi,gauri shinde
        
menon_vj:
          English Vinglish is a perfect tribute to motherhood and womenkind. An absolute must watch! and yeah don't forget to take your mom along
        
mehta_world:
          #English #Vinglish: #Sridevi is back with a BANG!!! Every housewife in search of self-identity and RESPECT, should watch this!!!
        
maunderingmuser:
          Absolutely delightful performance by Sri Devi in English Vinglish.. The woman does have talent.. And of course, #NYC is truly spectacular!
        
mars4you:
          English Vinglish is fantastic come back movie for Sridevi ... Good work Gauri...
        
Marium_Agha:
          English Vinglish....What a Beautiful Movie; Sridevi Is back:)Highly Recommended
        
MANSVIZ:
          LOVED ENGLISH VINGLISH....I HAVE NO WORDS TO TELL HOW MUCH I LOVED IT...WILL WATCH IT AGAIN...GO WATCH IT GUYS!!D
        
Manjinder_Mani:
          English Vinglish nice movie #mustwatch #fb
        
Mainagulati:
          english vinglish is a beautiful film..sridevi,the director gauri,the man who plays her husband,her niece..everybody is excellent.
        
MaidumJi:
          Loved Sri Devi in English Vinglish. Feel good film that's actually a good watch!
        
Mahima0205:
          Liked English vinglish! Sridevi looks amazing and of course acted well :)
        
MaAlterEgo:
          Also English vinglish is a one time watch. Pretty decent movie. Sri devi couldn't have chosen a better comeback.
        
m7amad3li:
          #English_Vinglish Great Movie (Y)
        
LohitChandran:
          If movies like English Vinglish are what female directors can come up with, I say bring on a whole battalion of them!!
        
leowdicap:
          Craving another helping of a @gauris's English Vinglish!
        
LadyOldMonk:
          Decent movie, this English Vinglish.
        
kunalagr:
          English Vinglish is awesome :)
        
kubrasait:
          “@GOLDIEBEHL: Absolutely enjoyed english vinglish have to confess I wasn't a huge sridevi fan before ...” I agree!
        
ksalla2073:
          English Vinglish. A decent light hearted comedy
        
kirankhurana:
          English Vinglish is all Sridevi.A perfect portrait of a mother,wife, daughter-in-law&'girl friend'.Must watch 2 feel her silent love to all!
        
KhulaTazaad:
          English Vinglish is cute shute
        
KhalsaAngels99:
          Saw English Vinglish today, great vork [email protected] Boney Kapoor , Best Wishes from @Calgary,@Alberta, @Canada
        
keyahtzee:
          I watch english vinglish. I like. You go watch shawch too.
        
kaushikram89:
          English Vinglish - good film, nice theme! Sridevi with another good performance!
        
kasirajhmg:
          English vinglish.. The characters are it's strength. Wow a feel gud movie, u will love it.
        
karthyr1981:
          Watched English Vinglish today. Awesome movie and a must movie for all to realise love, language & family.
        
KapadiaNida:
          Enjoyed English vinglish :)
        
Kala0612:
          English Vinglish... gets two thumbs up from me... had some good laughs and luv'd seeing @sridevi back on the big screen!
        
kakkarcool:
          Watched english vinglish nice act siridevi b kapur u truely deserve n oscar  representing indian women was great
        
kaaliya:
          I like English Vinglish. The worst actor is probably sridevi.
        
jineshwarkapale:
          English Vinglish . The mother of all comebacks. SriDevi is fabulous.
        
jhunjhunwala:
          I have decided to give Oscar Award to English Vinglish.
        
JhinukSen:
          Reviewing English Vinglish for @MillenniumPost - A total winner this one! http://millenniumpost.in/NewsContent.aspx?NID=9737

jenniferreuben1:
          English Vinglish teaches us so many great things ladies....The most important "keep men where they belong".we r not door mats!
        
jasbirkkang:
          #english vinglish is a very good movie :)
        
JAMbuzz:
          Review English Vinglish: Siridevi's plays a great character role and a few sparks fly...(Mehdi Nebbou) who falls... http://fb.me/1lWqbaLDA

IVFwala_doc:
          ‘English vinglish’ was good, 'Killing them softly’ was the  director’s revenge by killing the audience softly #moviesisawthisweek
        
ItsKayhan:
          "A" RT @ZoomTV: So, what grade would you like to give to 'English Vinglish', A, B or C #MyReview #zoOmTV
        
ishaalmighty:
          English Vinglish dekh vekh ke bahut Mazza Vazza aya.. Dont miss it. Yeh film meri aur aapki hi kahani hai.
        
Insane_Insan:
          Just Loved English Vinglish !!
        
indianfilmy:
          I just watched English Vinglish..... amazing direction. and Sridevi you were very nice and real. A must watch for all young gen
        
immabeshah:
          'English Vinglish' =P A good story =]
        
imeawesome:
          English vinglish! What an amazing movie. Sashi, Radha and Sagar, brilliant. :-) a must watch. :-)
        
iatulsharma:
          English Vinglish is Amazing. On a sad note - lost my phone :(
        
ianubhavtyagi:
          saw english vinglish! it's awesome... highly recommended, will also be writing about the movie.. next tweet will be on the blogpost
        
iamvinays:
          Just returned from English Vinglish. Loved it. Not a big fan of Sridevi but hats off to her for a fabulous performance.
        
iAmanGupta:
          english vinglish a nice cute movie... Balki. Does it again...
        
Hyper_aice:
          You know what? I really liked English Vinglish. Glad I watched it with my parents :D Flawed but full of heart. Seriously watch with parents.
        
hyd_nawab:
          English Vinglish should go for Oscars insted of Barfi. Fab work by Sridevi. She is back with Bang. Flawless performence. Must watch.
        
HYDCITY:
          English Vinglish A Must Watch, Official Review: 5 Stars http://www.cityhyd.info/2012/10/07/english-vinglish-movie-review/

hm_eVOTS:
          English Vinglish..very nice movie..All have acted very well..story & characters well nurtured..  :-)
        
hisownpace:
          English Vinglish super duper.
        
HelloAaryan:
          Oh! And you have to have to watch English Vinglish. @SrideviBKapoor is outstanding & deserves a standing ovation
        
harshahv:
          In other news, watched English Vinglish. A very nice movie. Do watch.
        
HalimaliHalim:
          You can see how a movie is good by looking at the reaction of surrounding people when they laugh and cry. This happens with English Vinglish
        
GV_Chaitanya:
          Sridevi.. take a bow... English Vinglish .. An absolute winner..
        
Guljansewani:
          Sridevi > Priyanka Chopra, Kareena Kapoor and all the big names. English Vinglish. what a lovely movie!
        
GulatiChetna:
          Just saw English Vinglish. Nice, feel good movie. Why has it been getting such bad reviews?
        
GramafoonRadio:
          #Movie 'English Vinglish' review: Sridevi, what a comeback!: It was a great movie, No doubt. Sridevi rocks! what... http://q.gs/2CIdo

gopaljalwal:
          ENGLISH VINGLISH....TOUCHY MOVIE MUST SEE ONCE
        
GOLDIEBEHL:
          Absolutely enjoyed english vinglish have to confess I wasn't a huge sridevi fan before ...
        
ginni67:
          The best lesson english vinglish taught was true passion and to love urself maintain self respect and yet remain loving n soft hearted.
        
gilesmic:
          English Vinglish was so good! What a wonderful film. Sridevi was beautiful and the cameo from Amitabh was too funny!
        
gghurayya:
          Just saw english vinglish with mom ... and can say tht it is definitely more then one watch
        
getpn:
          Good movie - English Vinglish a must see of the season. Sree Devi acting superb and direction cool. Check it out!
        
GaneshNatarajan:
          After smiling and crying thru 3 Idiots I sulked through multiple pretentious movies and then comes English Vinglish - bravo @SrideviBKapoor
        
FlutterByZong:
          Movie of the week!

English Vinglish Movie Review: It’s not a movie. This is life!
Sridevi’s English Vinglish... http://fb.me/zHpZMt14

FilmLoverAarthi:
          Saw English Vinglish yesterday and loved it! I kept wanting her to yell at her husband though. He beyond deserved it!
        
feminm18:
          English Vinglish was amazing! From last night
        
FaraRK:
          Standing ovation at the end of English Vinglish !!!
        
FaizMAhmed:
          English Vinglish ! What a good indian movie !!! #sweet !
        
ET24HOURS:
          PZ--Saw English Vinglish & all I can say is Welcome Back Sridevi & Take a Bow Gauri Shinde 4 a fab movie. A MUST WATCH 4 the entire Family
        
elusion:
          Loved English Vinglish. Light, feel good, perfect. And best part was they featured Gould Plaza with both my schools Stern & Courant at NYU!
        
dvirmani85:
          Saw English vinglish today! Superb film with a great message .... Sridevi fit perfectly in her role
        
divyanshsri23:
          English Vinglish, excellent movie! Sridevi has the charm and innocence. Worth a watch. ****
        
disco_deewani:
          English Vinglish is such a cute movie. One can't be judgemental about it.
        
DiptiJindal:
          Just watched English Vinglish..A sweet simple story told so well n Sridevi- a powerhouse performer..speaks with her eyes!!! Simply stunning!
        
dipenambalia:
          Lovedddddddddddddd English vinglish!!!
        
diiptijhangiani:
          This Diwali I am soo rooting for English Vinglish Ladoos and Barfi gifts!!
        
desh:
          English Vinglish and a randomized party at home :). Weekend well spent.
        
Delhi_Bwoy:
          Saw 'English Vinglish' last night. Sridevi is brilliant in the film.  Amazingly, It's one of the best films of 2012. Verdict - 5/5 !
        
deepak_sdd:
          Beshak, befikar, bindaas.....English Vinglish a simple story presented beautifully, good comeback by Sridevi the MJ style was rocking :-)
        
debasish_mishra:
          Watched English Vinglish- excellent watch for the entire family.
        
dasarpurug:
          Sridevi at her best in English Vinglish...a movie not to b missed..:-)
        
Dan_siddiquee:
          English Vinglish...worth a watch..
        
DaMoViEmAnIaC:
          Loved English Vinglish! Aur saath mein Ghosh Babu ho toh mazaa aur zyaada hota hai. :-)
        
DaliaEzzat_:
          Just watched English Vinglish. Gauri Shinde, take a bow. Sridevi is too good, leaves you speechless.
        
Curious_Saint:
          We need English Vinglish kind of cinema in India. Not the ones who dumb us down & fool us. Intelligence in Cinema = Entertainment.
        
codyhulk:
          Another anxious Monday with another wait of a good week. Saw English Vinglish - Brilliant movie and @SrBachchan  was too good.
        
CJ_K1:
          #English Vinglish a good film after such a long time! Welcome back Sridevi!
        
Chokra_Jawaan:
          It's all about English Vinglish! Hell yeah. It's been a day and I'm still obsessed with the film. @gauris
        
chocoblokk:
          Sri devi is awesome in English Vinglish!! Buh I got the hots for this french guy
        
chi_chabell:
          OMG,,,film fav pertama gw tahun ini,,,English Vinglish,,,fantastic movie !!!
        
chirag585:
          FANTABULOUS Comeback from the queen of Bollywood... SRIDEVI.....ENGLISH VINGLISH.....BRILLIANT ACTING... PERFECTLY DIRECTED BY GAURI SHINDE
        
charlesbosco:
          OMG English Vinglish was amazing!! I loved it!!! Sridevi is such a great actress!! The French guy was kool too!!
        
chAndRe5h:
          English vinglish must watch
        
ChalHuttt:
          Just saw English Vinglish - A simple story, fantastic characters, lovely dialogues, neat direction and 1 awesome Sridevi!
        
bsgh1107:
          English Vinglish is beautiful !
        
brij009:
          Watch English Vinglish with family ...understand, think, feel and enjoy.
        
bluenatcafe:
          English Vinglish came across as a necessary eye opener at this point in time.
        
bipashaholic:
          English Vinglish a decent family movie
        
binaryberries8:
          Vowels just like bowels . de english de english . .......some gems from English Vinglish .  Must watch .
        
Bikau_Launda:
          English Vinglish mast hai be... if you haven't watched go and watch.
        
bhurkey:
          though Sridevi is USP for English Vinglish, she doesn't fits in the role of a middle class Maharastrian home maker.. Overall a good movie
        
bhavie3:
          English vinglish awsm movie :D
        
BeingAyosh:
          english vinglish Super Great Thnx Alot @krishikalulla For A Such Great Back Of Sri :)
        
BasantiLovesDog:
          Achchi thi :P RT @ZeroCoverage: Itni buri thi? "@BasantiLovesDog: Can't believe this English Vinglish made me cry!!!"
        
badnecklace:
          Aside from a little feminist rage at the 'return to desi status quo' themes, I loved ENGLISH VINGLISH. Very sweet film.
        
avirup_das:
          Gauri Shinde is right: she is a better director than R. Balki. English Vinglish is understated and superlative!
        
AtTiTuDeKnIgHt:
          English Vinglish has to be the best movie which I watched this year !! Take a bow @SrideviBKapoor and @gauris
        
ashwinskumar:
          English Vinglish : PHENOMENAL ...MIND-BLOWING ...I'M LEFT SPEECHLESS !!!! After Lagaan, I think this is the... http://fb.me/1jStr8eN5

ashwathdesai:
          Movie Review::English Vinglish- Winner-Shinner all the way! http://wp.me/p1lehE-lq

AshChakri:
          English vinglish super duper!!
        
asha_jan:
          Hey tweeples English Vinglish #awesomemovie
        
aru_online4u:
          WATCHED ENGLISH VINGLISH ..........A GOOD ONE BY SHINDE...........
        
arunskaimal:
          English Vinglish  leaves a very pleasant after taste . Savour the ladoo , if you may !
        
ArunPM1:
          English vinglish ...light movie has got wonderful moments and simple script with good acting #mustwatch #EnglishVinglish
        
armaaninside:
          English Vinglish is a really gud movie!!All of us (men) need to respect d women in our life..most of us take thm 4 granted often!! :-)
        
arjunmogre:
          Loved English Vinglish!!! My #favourite #film of #2012 !!!!!!!!
        
argh_bee_gee:
          The best way to watch English Vinglish is with family, especially ur mom :-)
        
arastoic:
          English Vinglish is not just about a woman learning English. It's about a woman's journey to regain her self esteem.
        
appadappajappa:
          The hero of the film, really was director Gauri Shinde. English Vinglish belongs to you! :D Ammmmazing!
        
anurag781:
          After OMG, English Vinglish has really raise the bar in Bollywood. Kudos B-Town.
        
anubhavsinha:
          Finally saw English Vinglish. Is DELIGHTFUL the best word for it? [email protected] was, is and will remain a Goddess.  RESPECT @gauris
        
AnKiTa_AmOUR:
          English Vinglish movie ...a worth movie to watch  . it will show you to respect yourself
        
ankitagureja788:
          English vinglish...dinner at chilis...and coffee at westin...just the perfect evening
        
AneesahOx:
          English Vinglish is such a good film. Would recommend it :D
        
am_khan:
          watched english vinglish,sridevi ji wht a comeback take a bow its nt her come back but a go back call for all other actresses n gr8 dirction
        
AmritaGanguly4:
          English Vinglish is a must-watch for the spirit of appreciating who u are & what u do. Sridevi's acting is the soul of the film, Happy Vappy
        
amod_ankit:
          'English Vinglish' is a bold,emotion-laced,articulative episode which attempts to project an insignificant life of a SIGNIFICANT lady#2 Good
        
amitsbhagat:
          Watched English Vinglish with Mom & Dad. Everybody should take their parents for the movie. Damn good !
        
ameypk26:
          West indies winning capped off a fantastic day... Started with Japanese GP... English Vinglish in between n now celebrations Gangnum style
        
amaluu:
          Just saw English Vinglish with @carla_filmigeek ... no words. Should have sent a poet. <3
        
aliyaramzankhan:
          Good story. Impressive narration. Flawless performance. Despite all these qualities, Sridevi’s comeback film “En... http://bit.ly/PMnHnL

AlishaCoelho:
          English Vinglish was charming and poignant. It moved me even more than Barfi did. Pass with distinction, indeed.
        
ahsandaredia:
          Everyone needs to watch English Vinglish, it'll make you appreciate both Hindi/Urdu, English and your communication methods so much!
        
ahmednkhan:
          Saw English Vinglish Guys the movie rocks !!! Must c kinda stuff !!! Full tym pass !!!
        
adxo__:
          English Vinglish is actually one of the best Hindi films I seen in so long. so cute.
        
adityabajla:
          Watch English Vinglish for the magic called Sridevi
        
Aditi_Espeaks:
          Lovely movie, English Vinglish, my rating 4.25 stars, only problem I felt later is my Mom cant enjoy it... She doesn't understand English ☹
        
Abiraame:
          All of you go watch English Vinglish.
        
abhishekbhagaw1:
          Watched English Vinglish.... A Very good movie.. Kudos to Sridevi for her amazing performance....
        
aasthajindal24:
          Simple n heartwarmin movie-English vinglish
        
aastha1311:
          English vinglish. Cute movie. :)
        
aasifahmed:
          English Vinglish too cute... Was delight seeing sridevi in big screen after so many yrs...
        
1aunkar:
          English  vinglish  awesome movie
        
1983supreet:
          #English Vinglish Nice cameo by Sridevi . It is  Simple, Pure Emotions and Substantiating English is not fear. Must watch all women.
        
tejaiconoclast:
          English Vinglish isn't a grt film as such but you know wat? SRIDEVI
        
shivya:
          English Vinglish - Feel good movie, but upholds all stereotypes of the typical Indian family. A daring end twist would've been awesome.
        
santhoshsnk:
          Done with English vinglish ...not too gud not bad ...overall nic movie ......
        
R_Diaries:
          The innocence in Sridevi's character in English Vinglish couldn't have been played better. Not a #MustWatch but a good one nonetheless.
        
proximoron:
          English Vinglish. It's a decent film. I think the rave reviews overdid it a little.
        
pankajpassion:
          I saw english vinglish..story is good, sridevi is good, but film is five years late
        
lakshmisharath:
          English Vinglish ok ; but  yaake stereotyping Tamils ? #fb
        
crystalunicorn:
          Saw English-Vinglish today. Fluctuatingly fun and boring. Worth a watch, though. Sridevi is fantastic!
        
Bitchari:
          English Vinglish has been watched. Shashi gets a B+ from me. :)
        
suvan4:
          English Vinglish is a pathetic movie selling Indian arrogance, insensitivity, tastelessness
        
RuthSaldanha:
          English-Vinglish = Far too sentimental version of Mind Your Language. Yawn.
        
magicaranya:
          Watched English Vinglish. Not worth your effort. Or time.
        
boozemotion:
          And before this excitement, i saw English Vinglish today and such a lengthy and boring i felt. Some parts are good though!
        
          9 readers
          -
          9 yays
0 so-so
0 nays

            Want to Watch,
            by Anuj

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Binil Davis

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Desi Traveler
: i like it

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Harpreet Singh
: Awesome - Dont miss it on the screen !

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Mansi
: Delightful Cinema

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Rahul
: Must watch.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Sanya
: Amazing! One word!

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Suman

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by vinay

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by @nkit
: Story with a heart at the right place...do watch out
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Warning: this section has some details that could distort your experience while watching the movie. I strongly recommend reading this only after you have seen the movie or if you have decided not to see it.Mrs. Shashi Godbole (Sridevi), mother of two, maker and seller of snack items, finds herself ridiculed and thus inferior. She lands up in New York and now HAS to learn English.Mrs. Shashi Godbole (Sridevi), mother of two, maker and seller of snack items, finds herself ridiculed and thus inferior. She lands up in New York and now HAS to learn English.
Amitabh Bachchan's cameo. Sweet. Despite the over-acting, I had a good laugh! Ang good to see a co-star from yesteryears lending support while easily slipping into the shoes of a co-passenger. 
The Michael Jackson dance.
That Shashi is not a nag and is pretty cool and accepting from the beginning. 
The French man and his dreamy eyes!
That Shashi doesn't need only intermittent love.
That Shashi doesn't even consider what she'd like for herself, she doesn't give herself a choice at many times even though there might be one.
That Shashi lies even though she doesn't need to, just because the default for her has been that people will laugh at her.
The emphasis for need of equality in a marriage – not only conceptually but in reality.   

What Amitabh Bachchan's character arrogantly tells the American immigration officer. I doubt anyone would get by with that one while entering a country. But hey, it did get those few laughs from the audience. This is what I meant by jingoism.
The Manhattan translation is silly!
The way New York is covered – pretty ordinary. 
The focus on the brand name when the brand name occurs in the Manhattan song – quite unimaginative.
The use of handheld camera got a bit annoying.
The highlight on Shashi's "good question". It was a good question alright, but the highlight looked like the writer was patting her own back for coming up with it.
Shashi's nieces who have grown up in the US don't have an accent while speaking Hindi.
Shashi's attitude towards her daughter. Though focusing on that would have to be a different film altogether. 
The dramatization of the laddu scene in the end. 

Shashi sleeps in a sari, really? Maybe...but difficult to digest given her socia-economic strata that she wouldn't own a night gown! This is an example of what I mean by exaggeration of the situation in this film.
It looked like Shashi traveled to New York in business class and the family flew back in economy. That's an awfully nice husband. I judge the business class based on the glass glass, the wine, etc. 
Sridevi's saris are simple and so gorgeous. For once, I didn't mind that a regular at-most upper middle class character carried enough saris to not repeat a single one in her 5-week stay in New York. 
Have to absolutely watch it, if only to see my favorite actor make a comeback to the big screen. That it is a good movie is such a sweet bonus.Direction: 3.5    Story: 4    Lead Actors: 4    Character Artists: 4.5    Dialogues: 3.5    Screenplay: 4    Music Director: 3    Lyrics: 3Simple movie. Good Clean Entertainment. Too sweet to miss !Amazingly reviewed... I absolutely loved the film... English Vinglish is an honest effort beautifully executed. It casts a spell on you right at its outset and charms you through to the end, walking you through every emotion - love, hatred, happiness, sadness, fear, anger, aggression, submission. It isn't quite the script but the execution that's makes all the difference!@EatPrayLoveMovies Thank you!! It's best when it comes from deep within, the film or the review :)I wasn't spell bound by it, but I can so imagine it happening to fortunate ones for whom Sridevi's voice and dialogue delivery isn't a distraction. And like you said, it's ultimately about how it's told.Another flick with great soul.Indian film industry is truly on a roll in it's centenary year.Despite slow pacing,the well crafted narrative makes up for everything.Though the story is build upon linguistic skills but the underlying theme would find connect with every household in our country-urban or small towns.Meetu,as you rightly pointed out,sridevi makes up for all stutter overdo with her expressions.I have never been her fan but she did give me goosebumps this time.All you English pichhar walas,we do have our rajnikanth to pull off the chaddis of all your supermaans..idlebrain jeevi says:: If you are a kind of guy who like films like Cheeni Kum and Paa, you will end up loving English Vinglish. A homemaker is the most neglected person in Indian scenario. This film is about how a homemaker proves her mettle and creates a sense of pride and self-esteem for herself. At the same time, she doesn=E2=80=99t hurt the system and people around her. On a whole, English Vinglish is a sweet, progressive and an entertaining film. A must watch!!!The 4th film i need to catch up with after GOW,Barfi and OMG!! 2012's really giving us some small scale gems....A very Happy Centenary indeed!@Anuj Hope the trend continues :)I liked it. Amazing! Watched it at Wave Cinemas. Shinde has really proved herself. Amazingly nice. Sridevi's selection has been superb!Finally watched this film, I would rank it as one of the best Hindi films this year (might even be the best). It tells us a story that all of us are familiar with, because we have seen similar tales unfolding in our very homes. Some of us might even have been that teenager who were uncomfortable with their mom's English knowledge (though not necessarily at that age, maybe when we were younger) or made fun of mom's pronunciations. Did we for a moment stop and think how she would feel about it? Probably not.This film might make us think, it certainly did that for me.@Rahul Saw it again a week or so ago with my kids at home on TV. It was quality time, alright :)Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None.
Language: Clean.
Nudity & Sexual content: None.
Concept: The empowerment that an Indian housewife needs in trying to fit in with the demands of the world around her.
General Look and Feel: It's bright and live.


