
wogma rating: Add to 'must watch' list (?)
Get swooned by the dialogue, the chemistry, the familiar give-and-take of a love relationship. Same story and yet so charming.Unless you are cynical about anything romantic, the  trailers of Meri Pyaari Bindu are going to charm you. The story is unlikely to break any new ground. But, the couple Ayushmann Khuarana and Parineeti Chopra have just the right kind of warmth about them to turn you to your romantic side, right in the middle of a working day too. However, as you watch the second and third trailer, you feel like you are watching the entire film. That is what I am skeptical about - there  might be nothing left to find out when you see the film. It would be a shame if all the “aaawww” moments, all the funny one-liners were already covered in the trailers. As soon as I realised this, I stopped watching them. Here's hoping this rom-com will touch chords within despite the trailers having already done so. Meri Pyaari Bindu releases on 12th May, 2017.Music Reviews:
Bollywood Hungama – "3.5/5" 
Bollywood Life – "3.5/5" 
glamsham – "3.5/5" 
Milliblog - "Sachin-Jigar open 2017 on a great note!"   
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  That feeling when you are transported into another world. That. Meri Pyaari Bindu gives you that feeling. It is not a fairy tale, not by a long shot. It is not fantasy. It is actually quite real. Where the heart wants what it wants and you know not why. When the heart doesn't want what you think it should want and you know not why. Sure, the feeling doesn't stay through the film, but it sticks around for most of it. The childhood bits in the film are quite jarring. The manner in which little Bindu calls little Bubla over seems too grown-up. But then, it might be what Bubla remembers and that might be just fair enough. Because Meri Pyaari Bindu is clearly Bubla's (Ayushman Khurana) point of view. And the actor makes Bubla very real. He is enamoured by Bindu. Though you don't know why, you feel he is justified because of the way he is. It matters little who Bindu is and what she is like. Bindu's (Parineeti Chopra) confusion, on the other hand, is all too familiar in the new-age Hindi rom-coms at least. The woman stands her own but she doesn't really know what she wants, she is free and full of life. She might seem and be directionless too. But she is comfortable with that. Parineeti Chopra brings all of this to life and more. Bindu's vulnerability is as apparent as her mischevious self. The gripe could be that we don't get a proper peek into her confusion. It makes the story half-told and leaves you wanting to know more. But, that would be another film because this is Bubla's story. His unfulfilling journey through this love.You go back and forth in time with Bubla as he sifts through the pages of the new book he is writing; through an mix audio tape that he recorded with Bindu that takes him back in time and brings him back to the present day. While this non-linear narration doesn't come in the way of our entertainment, it still feels like an escape by the writers. It does seem like they came up with a baseline boy-meets-girl story, a few scenes and they moved the scenes around till they found an interesting flow. Similarly, while the voiceover feels completely justified in the beginning, there is no real use for its overuse through the film. But, it doesn't come in the way of how engaged you are with the film. I didn't mind this gimmickry though. Because except for a few sequences here and there, I was hooked to Bubla's feelings. The dialogue is meaningful and relatable. Not in a “quote of the day” kind of a way but still insightful. The laughs are frequent and the hindi film references are absolutely perfect. Right to the reference to today's other release, Sarkar 3. Otherwise, these nods to olden times seem forced and take your attention away from the main story. Here, they blend with the story and add to it. The climax is one of the most satisfying ones in a long time. It might or might not be the one you are hoping for, but it rings true.Also, this must be the first film in which I enoyed the peppy number better than the romantic ones. Sure, it was out of place in the flow of the film and existed just because it had to be there by Hindi movie standards. Nevertheless, fun it was. The lyrics of the other songs are soulful too. Meri Pyaari Bindu is that rom-com that doesn't offer much new, but it still engages, entertains and makes you sob for you remembered that one heartbreak that took your faith in relationships away from you.  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.
          1 readers
          -
          0 yays
1 so-so
0 nays

            So-So,
            by Fan
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Welcome to 2017 family entertainer from YRF stable.  What with cheap gimmicky dialogues like She puts his hands in his *** He attacks her like a hungry Bengali man attacking samosas. Moaning!  Yes !!The hypocrisy of modern Indian socialite and upper class amazes and at times angers me.  A C-grade film producer, using gimmicks like cleavage show and item numbers full of innuendos, to attract his target audience - the daily wagers - is greeted with scorn by these so-called socialites.  And an established top ranked producer resorting to similar C-grade gimmicks to attract their target audience - college grads - is greeted with flowery praise for their product of progressive thought process.Welcome to the lop sided world.  YRF admirers and chamchas alike drooling on this so-so product and terming it as the next best thing to have happened after the birth of YRF himself.Basically it is a boy meets girl story.  The girl is supposed to be confused about commitment.  Emphasis on supposed to be, because she is not that confused when it concerns marriage in general - but she is confused when it comes to marrying the lead character.Over 2 hours we are made to go through the various ups and downs faced by these childhood friends, we are made privy to lots of their moments together, shots of typical 20 somethings life-style and life-choices in metro cities, etc. and then the film ends without any particular purpose being served out.Performance wise I would give it to Ayushyaman and Parineeti - they are both sincere and have brought life into the characters they portray.  Playing a spontaneous fun loving girl probably comes natural to Parineeti.  Here is one actor who has (had) the potential to become number 1 in the industry but for the moment she is squandering it with priorities on other matters.  Pity.Overall you could easily skip this film.  It has nothing new or entertaining to offer.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None
Language: Clean
Nudity & Sexual content: A liplock. A few scenes where it is obvious that a couple is having sex even though it is not explicitly shown. 
Concept: Friendship? Love? Love? Friendship? Something like that.
General Look and Feel: A charm runs through the film that is not peppy, not morose. It is lightweight. 


