
wogma rating: Watch if you have nothing better to do (?)
It's chaos as usual in Rohit Shetty-land. Save a few funnies, it is typical nonsense one would expect in a film from this genre. Watch if you have nothing better to do, I say. Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Golmaal to be remade by Rohit Shetty. The creepy-crawly feeling under my skin is getting over-bearing. I have loved almost all of Hrishikesh Mukherjee's films that I have seen. The thought that the trademark simplicity that goes with his films will most likely be replaced by garish banalities makes me sad from inside. Add to that self-referencing his previous films will invariably bring back memories from those films. While Singham's 'maaji satakli re' worked in that film, seeing it in a film that has some association with everyday simplicity of middle-class homes of the 70s makes me shudder; not to mention cars being over-turned and the like. So, the only way out I guess is to forget that the story is based on the original Golmaal from 1979. One shall try. Meanwhile, the things to look forward to could be Abhishek Bachchan's timing and energy. Though I'm not sure how soon the novelty of his effeminate act disappear.Ajay Devgan on the other hand seems to have a character who will literally translate into English all the Hindi quotable quotes that the Bol Bachchan team can think of - the variety of which has already worn out from what I've seen in the trailers.What we are left with is then the title song which is supposedly a treat for Amitabh Bachchan fans. I'm one of those and it made me uncomfortable to see the man with such a humble persona dance to a song that glorifies himself (not his character in a film). Let's hope this is just in passing or fashionably in the end credits. Meanwhile, the rest of the music is just about ok, so say our music reviewers. 
Milliblog - "Himesh makes progress, but the banality in two of his songs overtakes even Rohit Shetty’s!"
Music Aloud - "5.5/10"
dunkdaft - "as all Rohit Shetty movie soundtracks are, this one is just like his movies. Play it, pass the time, forget it"
Bollywood Hungama - "3/5"
Bollyspice - "2.5/5"
Apun Ka Choice - "2.5/5"  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  It's a Rohit Shetty film. Which smoothly slides into Anees Bazmee territory and a dash of Priyadarshan 'comedies'. Oh, who am I kidding? Soon, I'm not going to be able to tell the difference. What we know for sure is it is 100% nonstop nonsense. Either you like it or you don't. Or you like the star involved in the ridiculous extravaganza or not. And this time they didn't bother with writing a story. They just picked a classic from yesteryears. Usually with a 'remake' I try to forget/ignore/disregard whatever I know about the original to do full justice to the newer film. But here, try as one might, you aren't allowed to forget the likeness. Time and again, crudely and brutally you are reminded who the makers are paying a tribute to. An exaggerated mimicry of Amol Palekar-Utpal Dutt might work once, but repeating it or making constant references to it only highlights how inept the tribute is. Just calling themselves middle-class doesn't make the characters so, right? The way they dress, whether shoes or make-up deny believability. Oh, there I go again! hmph.So we have Abhishek Bachchan replace Amol Palekar and Ajay Devgan replace Utpal Dutt and you hold back your tears. The interesting point is that this is despite the fact that I like both Abhishek Bachchan and Ajay Devgan as actors. And given the context of the film, the genre, and the director their timing is pretty good and they manage to not annoy you completely despite the characters assigned to them. Especially Abhishek Bachchan as the effeminate Abbas is quite a racket.What I must say is that this must be the best respect(?) homosexuality might have received in mainstream cinema. Sure, he was being laughed at but at least it wasn't mocking and there was some level of acceptance. Some progress. The rest of the cast is as expected, loud and pretty much intolerable except for Asin and Prachi Desai who try to bring in some sort of order and balance to the chaos but of course aren't given enough room. There's a flurry of tributes to other films from Karz to Hrishikesh Mukherjee's other film Khoobsurat. They are all funny conceptually but everything is so loud and disconnected that they work at best as stand-alone one-liners. Not to mention, even the one-liners throughtout the film are no more entertaining than SMS forwards - some jokes at other times inspirational quotes. No, I don't deny it; I wasn't deaf to the resounding laughter at each ridiculous line stuffed with stylized delivery. It's like the Hindi proverb, 'haath kangan ko aarsi kya' that is, 'hand bangle what mirror mirror on the wall?' only imagine that delivered by a muscular Ajay Devgan who makes sure his chest tattoos show just a peek. Yes that's the kind of complete disconnect between the actual proverb, the situation at hand and the humor it tries to use. The humor is indeed to be found in the disconnect. There are a couple instances that are genuinely hilarious. But, the rest of them find their laughs because of how silly it sounds. I, however, could enjoy the humor only a couple of times. Oh, and the action is also a letdown from usual Rohit Shetty standards. Many sequences have the sound design, the camera and the editing do the action instead of Ajay Devgan and Abhishek Bachchan.Everything is too over-the-top, too loud, too in-the-face. There is just way too much room the writers give themselves so that the audience can leave their brains behind. Only that, I am a part of that audience who doesn't want to or rather who couldn't be convinced to. Ps. 'haath kangan ko aarsi kya' means 'you don't need a mirror to look at your bangle/bracelet - you don't need a mirror to see the obvious'
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      35 reviewers(?)
      -
      9 yays
12 so-so
14 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...BOL BACHCHAN works primarily thanks to the entertainment quotient and of course, the persuasive portrayals by its lead actors, especially Ajay and Abhishek. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Buzz in Town
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan dares to carry its sense of fun to an extreme of playfulness without toppling over into crassness....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rony Dcosta, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Writing a comedy that works on a mass level is the most difficult thing for a screenwriter and Sajid Farhad scores a double hat trick as dialogue writers with this film....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Lot of funny lines, mad situations, people getting bashed up and vehicles getting blown up , toppled and crashed into randomly....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...Dum hai first half total dumdaar hai, second half has some flat points, but overall an out and out time pass masala drama with total paisa vasool feel. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mrigank Dhaniwala, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan is sure-shot hit material. It entertains and makes one laugh out loud, throughout!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ...Cinematography by Dudley is vividly colorful, and the action work by Jai Singh Nijjar excellent. Dialogues written by Farhad-Sajid are witty, and make the audience laugh a lot and very frequently....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Gaurav Malani, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Fairly entertaining...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Srijana Mitra Das, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan has a constant up-and-down aspect to it, one sequence making you shriek in your seat with laughter, another sending your mind wandering off to the mundane...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Anna M.M.Vetticad, 
        
          
             annavetticadgoes2themovies 
          :
        
        ...For the most part, the director and the actors keep the pace just right … There are scenes that intermittently fall flat though...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Naresh Kumar Deoshi, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan has a brand of humour that’s childish, silly, homophobic and at times even in bad taste. But there’s no denying that you will end up cracking once in a while at the silliness...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shalu Dhyani, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...A few excellent scenes, a few good scenes and a quite a lot of boring scenes is how I would describe the film. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Kshitij, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan is a movie which has scenes that will have you in splits,a narrative muddled with unnecessary banter, random murder of english, a gay Abhishek Bachchan somewhere & more....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Aniruddha Guha, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan falls short of being a laugh riot in spite of having the ammunition for it...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansi , 
        
          
             Eat Pray Love Movies
          :
        
        ...Watch it if you have really nothing to do!...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...Some bits may even get a titter out of you, but go with minimum expectations if you want to enjoy the film. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Fatema H.Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...Loud, mindless fun has its own space in our film-watching habits. For that mood looking for a stress-buster or just a brain-less time at the movies Bol Bachchan just might work....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan, less blaring than your standard Rohit Shetty comedy, can give you sporadic chuckles, and a few helpess laughs. Can’t expect more...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Like mentioned earlier, fans of Rohit Shetty and his films are sure to enjoy Bol Bachchan though die-hard Gol Maal (the old one, we mean) loyalists might turn up their noses at Shetty's product…...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...The film is recommended if you’re up for yet another “leave-your-brains-home” comedy, that makes up for its mediocrity with the glamorous stars, songs, a few laughs and loads of action. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Ananya Bhattacharya, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...Leave the dry reason and logic at home, and there you have a brilliant movie. Infuse an iota of logic into it, and your brain screams out for a Saridon at intervals of five to ten minutes....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...BB also falters in its action and cinematography department as whatever happens on the screen looks like ‘all seen before’ in the director’s earlier films only....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Blessy Chettiar, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan treats it audience as a bunch of juveniles with an IQ of 20. Director Shetty could only aspire to reach the greatness of the real Golmaal. Over-the-top editing and music add to its 'wannabe' nature....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...Director Rohit Shetty loses the plot and Abhishek Bachchan, playing the side-kick is a sad sight.
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan isn’t so much a film as a series of gags strung together with songs and the requisite car-bashing action. There is no attempt at plotting, storytelling, delineating a character, building coherence or following logic...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan offers a few genuine laughs, but it's too long and too labored to describe as a pleasing film...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...Far from being LOL stuff, Bol Bachchan ends up being Bore Bachchan, with a lame climax...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sanjukta Sharma, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        ...The film is undoubtedly Rohit Shetty’s worst, has insufferable doses of homophobia, Islamophobia and crude assaults on the senses and the intellect...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan is a comedy so absurd that it could reduce you to tears of despair. Conversely, if you have the stomach for such rampant silliness, it might propel you into paroxysms of delight...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan is yet another low IQ comedy from the Rohit Shetty-Ajay Devgn team. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sukanya Verma, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Over-crowded, over-the-top, overboard, overlong flick, with not an ounce of subtlety...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        
        
          
             Roochster
          :
        
        ...Bol Bachchan was boring and a waste of time....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...drawback to the film is its length. At 2hours 40mins, a duration which is tardy and dreaded in the present times, Rohit puts up many useless songs, long drawn fight sequences and meaningless comic episodes which are disjuncted from the main plot....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sudhish Kamat, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...The worst remake of a film since Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Pratim D. Gupta, 
        
          
             The Telegraph
          :
        
        ...Loud, lousy, ludicrous...

            full review
          

          156 tweeters(?)
          -
          125 yays
10 so-so
21 nays

Zaker_Ali:
          Abhishek Bachchan is great actor, Bol Bachchan is the best movie he has ever made!! and he's much better actor than Shah Rukh Khan!! LOL
        
Yashjos77496087:
          Hy frnds. Today i watchd movi bol bacchan. It's reyali suparb movi. More than comedy more than fun. So plz watch nd enjoy it.
        
VivianDsena01:
          Bol Bachchan was suppeerrr funnn.....After really long i hav laughed sooo much in any film....Cheers to Rohit Shetty n his team....
        
vishalp201291:
          abhishek bol bachchan shupr dup hit film... tenkiyou
        
vineets:
          bol bachan amazing movi///
        
vikkp:
          Bol Bachchan is a must watch !!
        
vedanttt:
          Guys must watch Bol Bachchan,its a stunning movie,just loved itt......
        
Varun__Puri:
          +1 RT @Aiwekuchbhi: @juniorbachchan issssss fabbbbbbbbbbbbbb in Bol bachchan .. Almost * died laughing *
        
VaibhavRajender:
          Bol Bachchan is funny.
        
urskrishna5:
          Watch'd.. Film Bol Bachan
Good movie... Love to watch once again.
        
UntamedBachelor:
          Bol Bacchan is a fultoo timepass awesome family entertainment. If you are looking for movie without logic this is a must watch
        
UJ_TheSpark:
          Bol bacchan very very funny. Enjoyed myself 
        
tinoshah:
          Bol Bachan super Duper Hit. Cong. To all star cast.
        
Thokkalodhi:
          'Bol Bachchan' is a silly,mad movie. And thats its beauty.Rohit shd immediately make a Telugu movie cos he knows how to package mediocrity.
        
tejus01:
          Abhishek bacchan is hilarious in bol bachhan omg wat an actor
        
tarsh35:
          Bol bachan awesome movie
        
SurajBegur:
          "Bol Bachchan" - out and out comic entertainer. If you are a fan of Rohit Shetty brand, then Must watch. It is very Phuny. Leave logic aside
        
SultanMirza987:
          Just watched bol bachchan..simply hilarious movie.ajay and ab great acting masaledar movie
        
stanimationINK:
          Bol Bachchan! Hilarious!!! Laughed at almost every scene! :D PS: go for comedy, not story!
        
smit_faldu:
          i am sowing movi bol bachan . it is very nice movi.
        
sksrs:
          yesterday seen Bol Bachchan, nice entertainment, family movie.  go and enjoy
        
Sidharth_Sain:
          Bol bacchan full on mindless crappy comedy..still u come out smiling
        
Siddharth231081:
          "Bol bacchan" superrrtttrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
        
shubhluvsonam:
          bol bachchan what a movie.. Hats off i rate 4.5/5 comedy full full on.. Plz go go watch it. AB welcome back and ajay devgn i bow down
        
shemdani:
          Saw "Bol Bachchan" last night. One of most funny movies I have ever seen.
        
sharvarichalke:
          For anybody whom it concerns,Bol bachchan is a good movie :)
        
Sharj_large:
          If you have not seen Bol bachchan yet do yourself a favour and check it out. A barrel of laughs
        
shardulrt:
          Watched Bol Bachchan. The movie stands successful only on 1 pillar @ajaydevgn The cherry on the cake is Ajay's wonderful ENGLISH! :P
        
Shaktikp:
          bol bachan!!! nice muvi!!! atleast can watch wid family!!!
        
shahpami:
          #Bol Bachchan is hilarious !!!! must watch !!! Left the theater but the smile still lingers on my face!!! #fantabulous
        
sgargiya:
          Bol bacchan a good time pass movie
        
saur143:
          Watched "Bol Bachchan"...it was a fantastic entertaining movie..full paisa wasool :) Shetty rocks
        
Satyen17:
          Films like bol bachchan have 1 purpose ! ENTERTAINMENT ! And it fulfils it ! Shabasshhh !
        
sanjanabakshi90:
          Bol bachan ws amazng
        
SamirRohira:
          Bol Bachchan was hilarious! Hadn't seen a good #bollywood comedy in quite some time.
        
SamiBadnaamHui:
          Bol Bachchan was soo funny. #laughedlikeacrazyperson
        
SalonikaSal:
          Good movie Bol Bachan. Loved Ajay devgan!! 
        
SalmanKhan_Moni:
          Saw Bol Bachchan today. It was really funny! Ajay Devgn is THE BEST! :D All of his lines made me die of laughter! Abhishek was... ehh.
        
sachinsaini604:
          The bol bachchan is the very intertaining film
        
Rupeshk75871962:
          good work in bol bachchan
        
Rpndit707:
          Bol Bachchan...A gud movie 2 watch with family...fully entertainer

My Movie Rating:3.5 out f 5..,
        
roomisg:
          Behenas I saw Bol Bachchan today. Never laughed so much in a long, long time.
        
rokayia:
          Bol Bachchan........... Simply Hilarious :)
        
robinssingh2:
          Bol Bachchan is d nice movie, full of comedy n action in dis film. ajay n abhishek r suit in their role.......
        
rj_harsh:
          2day I Saw Bol Bachchan Wht a movie Frm the sisy act of Abhishek Bachchn to Ajay Devgan's up-2-the mark acting skills the movie was amazing.
        
riteshtandon2:
          Bol Bachchan is Awesome Movie
        
riteshsharma18:
          Bol Bachchan is a purely entertaining movie...super comedy
        
renumanojgoyal:
          BOL BACHCHAN ..........ajay n abhishek hv done a gr8 job!!
        
RajLyrikal:
          Bol Bachchan is one hilarious film . Amazing performance by Abhishek Bachchan and Ajay Devgun is very punny in this one lol
        
rahshrd:
          Just watch bol bacchan the word coming from mouth is just WOW.what a movie by rohit shetty and AB is outstanding.hats off
        
PuNeEtMjShArMa:
          Jus' have watched Bol Bachan! Amazing flick .. have to tell all the indie peeps to do watch it, doesnt make much sense but it's helluva fun.
        
prinkylibra:
          Bol Bachchan..not a bad movie at all..funny movie!! :D
        
PravinTweet:
          Bol bachan, not bad, end of the day one needs entertainment where brain need not overwork. Good job done by rohit shetty.
        
PranavMUFC142:
          Bol Bachchan was hilarious. Rohit Shetty's funniest movie after Golmaal. Ajay Devgan's "English" was the highlight of the movie.
        
prabhat720:
          bol bacchan...owsm movie man...fully njoyed,jr. bachan did gud this time...
        
PhotographerRG:
          Bol Bachhan:A Non-Sense comedy,but Entertaining.Rohit's Shetty has got the secret of selling non-sense.
        
pdparticle:
          Watched a Bollywood movie after a few years. “Bol Bachchan”  was hilarious! Bwahahahahaha.
        
parthpatel16:
          Yester i show Bol Bachchan film.It'sgood.My favorite film director Rohit Shetty has formula for hit movies.#bolbachchan
        
Parmarskand:
          seen bol bachan awesome movie!
        
nushutd:
          Bol Bachchan - top notch movie. Awesome!
        
njnehajai4:
          Bol bachan Awesome movie plz watch it
        
nishughetiya:
          watch bol bachhan movie ... it's really nice and funny movie ....
        
Nilakshi:
          Surprise surprise. I quite enjoyed Bol Bachchan...mindless two hours. Please see it if you are really stressed... http://fb.me/1V8j7k1sD

NikhilUnnayan:
          Bol Bachan liked by me and many other fans and Abhishek bachan is very happy.
        
newsbanglabands:
          BOL BACCHAN WAS AWESOME.... ABHISHEK AND AJAY..BOTH ROCKS........
        
naresh_chandra:
          Bol Bachhan is a Laughing riot... Full paisa vasool... :D
        
mustafakaid:
          Bol Bachchan…simply awesome if ur looking for complete entertainment!
        
munendra1986:
          good movie bol bachchan......
        
mihirdave97:
          Just saw Bol Bachchan...awesome!!!
        
Me_TeraHero:
          Bol Bachchan.. funny movie, you will enjoy.. typical rohit shetty movie!
        
meSanchita:
          Watched BOL BACHCHAN yesterda..Bohot mast movie hai..
        
MarriaDavid:
          watched bol bachchan.. its a laughing express.. #BolBachchan
        
malhotra_mehak:
          Bol Bachchan-an amazing movie..can't stop laughing remembering the dialogues..Best act by my dearest friend Krushna..friends do watch it :D
        
MahiMeanMachine:
          just saw bol bachan.... fun gud job @rohitshettyfilm  kudos 2 direction...
        
laveenapinto14:
          Bol Bachchan...rocks!!! Ajay n abhishek truly lov u guys...Krishna was too good...
        
k_kalamkar:
          Bol bachchan superb movie and awesome acting [email protected] ajay devgan and @abhishek bacchan...
        
KoustubhKekre:
          Watched Bol Bachan 2day..just one time watch..full of humor..modern Golmal..junior AB now should think seriously of role selection n movies
        
Komal_Gemini:
          I think Abhishek shld get all the awards now for his Class Act in Bol Bachchan @juniorbachchan .Trully luved it including all d characters.
        
kimhyungkon:
          bol bachchan was such a funny movie omfg
        
joydeep1985:
          Absolutely loved Bol Bachchan. Ajay and Abhishek at their hilarious best! Total Golmaal!!!! :)
        
jituhaswani:
          Must watch bol bachan was a superb movie full entertaining,emotional,action..and a story was perfect
        
jitendra731:
          First first Movie in NEW DELHI....
Bol Bachchan....
Its Awsm...
first super comedy movie that i have seen........
        
ImRahulSharma3:
          Super laugh movie Bol Bachchan...after long time saw comedy movie With friends..
        
iamaneek:
          Bol Bachchan was better than G3.Singham nd Golmaal remains Rohit Shetty's 2 best films.
        
hkumar19:
          bol bachan dekhe sab nahi dekhi to pachtayege aap log , maza aa gaya kafi dino baad ek achi movie dekhne ko mili
        
Hirrenjoshi:
          had just watched Bol Bachchan @juniorbachchan @ajaydevgn you guys wer outstanding...Its truly Mazza Aa Gaya moment!!
        
Harishpi:
          Excellent Sunday Evening!!!! Bol Bachchan was a Paisa Vasool laugh riot!!!! Ajay Devgn is hilarious!!!! :)
        
gymfreakdelhi:
          Bol Bachchan, what a movie, @juniorbachchan what an awesome work @SrBachchan sirjee what a versatile actor Jr.AB is , he proved it.#Superb
        
gyaanbaaz:
          Bol Bachchan is a total entertainer!!! Absolute mindless laughter!!!
        
gurjeetBhamrah:
          Bol bachchan, such a awesome movie..full value for money.. http://instagr.am/p/M1UiUKhB1T/

girishgwaghmare:
          fabulous , excellent , wounderful , gr8 , superb - bol bachchan rock's Ajay wounderful , Abhi steals the show ..
        
gauravp2:
          Watched movie bol bachan...good movie from rohit and comedy circus team.
        
GalvinRaj:
          Bol bachchan is a must watch movie...ajay devgan <3
        
GAB_Indian:
          Bol Bachchan, performance of @juniorbachchan in dance sequence of ABBAS was HILLARIOUS, The Audience were in Tears...DUE TO LAUGHTER RIOT!!!
        
FreudsMistress:
          It would be such a crime to say that I like Bol Bachchan.
        
dudedebjyoti:
          watched bol bachchan, awesome movie..
        
Dixit0007:
          Bol Bachchan Must Watch Nice Movie Ajay Devgan Rocks.
        
DivyaDevi93:
          Bol Bachan very hilarious!! Loved the evening...a de-stressing time!
        
deol_amrit:
          Bol Bachan funny ass moviego give it 9 outta 10
        
deepikabh5:
          Bol bachhan.......I liked it......
        
deepaksingh2688:
          bol bachan was very good movie i like very much,good morning ,ple reply
        
darshan560:
          Bol bacchan..thumps up !!
        
chirpyks:
          Bol Bachchan is awesome... Guys it's a laugh riot!!!!
        
chandnisnh:
          Bol bachchan is prolly d funniest movie ever! Seems like m taking laughter therapy! Its a laugh riot here in d theatre @SrBachchan
        
chaitulicious:
          BOL BACHCHAN.... mast mast....
        
chaandbeti:
          Loved Bol Bachan. It has action, humour and drama all in one. Got really sweet at the end. Nice movie.
        
BoL_BLoGGeR:
          Done with Bol Bachchan. It is a complete Bol Bachchan. Ajay D toh hain hi Ek number, even Abhishek hs proved dt if he resolute he can. :)
        
BlazeIconic:
          Bol bachchan haha xD #lmao can't believe I laughed on such shit :|
        
bhavikmodi11989:
          MUST WATCH BOL BACHCHAN...........

BCOZ IT WILL MAKE U LUAGH AND FULLY MAD,,,,,,,,,:)
        
Babiejaan:
          Bol bachchan is hillarious..hatss off to the whole team..Rohit Shetty rocks..he was in the theatre coincedently..he's got a Fabb personality
        
ashutosh_rathi:
          watched bol bacchan really great acting by abisekh bacchan
        
ARISH555:
          Bol bachchan is nice movie
        
AmrutaK1:
          "Bol Bachhan " awsm mve....
liked it..:)
        
AmiSagalia_03:
          Bol Bacchan......... Nice movie
        
AkshayDMishra:
          bol bachchan was freaking awesome... as Barney puts it, it was Legen.. wait for it Dary!!!
        
AkhilTheFunda:
          Bol Bachhan - lives up to the expectations. That proves, Golmal is the one of the great comedy movies, even remake of that movie feels fresh
        
AKD0N:
          Just watched Bol bachchan amazing entertainer full to paisa wasul typical RohitShetty film @juniorbachchan @ajaydevgn @1Prachidesai
        
AkashDhusia:
          bol bacchan awesome movie
        
akarshit_j:
          Bol bachchan !! Watched fabulous comedy after so long tyme!! Great movie!!
        
abubakar_aqeel:
          Just caught the late night show of Bol Bachchan. Hardest I've laughed since..... FOREVER!! @SrBachchan @juniorbachchan @ajaydevgn
        
Aashish3208:
          Bol bacchan,really a gr8 timepass movie showing new flavor of comedy...
        
aamir23:
          Abhishek Bacchan is surprisingly good in Bol Bacchan
        
aaliznat:
          Btw 'bol bachchan' is a pretty funny movie.
        
90698:
          Bol bachchan movie is good.
        
12vedams:
          Bol Bachchan is a 100% laugh riot and a 200% paisa vasool movie!!!
        
snigi:
          bol bachan is an okayish movie! The comedy is too good but movie is a lil  draggy
        
shailes84628679:
          bol bacchan is a averageble movie
        
ritwick_:
          bol bachan is one time watch :)
rohit shetty and amir khan can make any one act better even abhishek bachhan :P :D
        
raajajain:
          Bol bachan, Nice to watch once.
        
Nipunlodha:
          Watched Bol Bachan movie !! One time watch movie !! English of ajay is awesome !! http://twitter.com/Nipunlodha/status/222001053552484353/photo/1

muthumariappanr:
          Watched Bol Bachchan. The same old Golmaal story, but still fun to watch.
        
montybhargava:
          Bol Bachan gud one time watch....
        
FittehMuhTere:
          Just watched 'Bol Bachchan'.. The story line was crap, but it had some good comedy scenes.. I would give it a 6/10
        
Captsivaprasad:
          BOL BACHCHAN: 6/10,colorful and comedy movie...a one time watch only but worth ur money..don't expect a story or any good acting
        
ashuthemystry:
          watched...bol bachan.....jst 1 time watch...!!!!
        
tarunpai:
          Bol Bachchan .. 6/10 .. Rohit Shetty's worst by far
        
TanyaLaughs:
          Bol bachan sucked
        
skt_1:
          I did not like this film, boring. RT @MasalaBai So how many of you caught Bol Bachchan and how many hated/loved it?
        
rumblingvoice:
          Rohit Shetty probably has the most retarded sense of humor. Started with a Z Grade 'Golmaal' till 'Bol Bacchan'. - Complete Junk!!!
        
rahhulv:
          "@pavBhaaji: Never have I been embarrassed to watch a movie. Yes, m fucking embarrassed to have watched Bol Bachchan. Total piece of crap."
        
ParakramRana:
          OMG! :o What the hell was Bol Bachchan all about? Dude! It was so Bad and Sick! Eww! But as usual such films are always a HIT!
        
nvenkatr:
          Bol Bachchan. It may b a loud version of Gol Maal, but it's too loud for my tastes.
        
nt_dvm:
          Bol Bachan..is not as was expected..! :-/
        
muviebuff:
          only good thing abt Bol Bachan was abhishek's acting...rest is bakwas..action scenes were most irritating..loud n all bang-bang..#crapmuvie
        
moonna12:
          bol bacchan is pathetic.
        
mayankraina:
          BOL BACHHAN IS A DISASTER>>>
        
Keviv_uk:
          One word to describe Bol Bachchan, Shit! What the hell was @juniorbachchan thinking signing up to this car crash?
        
Karishma_Mehta5:
          How can they make movies like Bol Bachchan even now? & how can some critics say its worth it? #walkedout
        
javedmech:
          Very true !!!! RT @ParakramRana: OMG! :o What the hell was Bol Bachchan all about? Dude! It was so Bad and Sick! ... http://m.tmi.me/t6t1M

indian_mojojojo:
          The irony with the movie Bol Bachchan is that within 5 minutes, the audience wanted the characters of the movie to Shut The Fuck Up. :D
        
drrajbhatjee:
          Whoever said Bol Bachchan was a good movie should rot in hell #Bolbachchan
        
diptendulodh:
          watched bol bachchan.........not so good...... but had loads f fun wid frndssss.......\m/ \m/
        
coolbhatt:
          Bol Bachchan : Brainless imitation of Golmal topped by cheesy jokes and poor performance.
        
b_biswarup:
          bol bachchan ... forgettable movie ... forgettable acting by aby baby, probably his last unsuccessful attempt at resurrecting his career.
        
BrandNewhandle:
          Watched Bol Bachchan.. And survived it.. Although a part of me has died. :/
        
a_dimri:
          Bol Bachchan: Lame movie! An uber-stupid take on the legendary classic movie. #BolBachchan
        
          10 readers
          -
          6 yays
1 so-so
3 nays

            Not Interested in Watching,
            by Rohit

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by http://www.HindiMoviesList.org
: So good

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by MoviezAdda
: After success of Singham Rohit Shetty will be the another David Dhavan of bollywood.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by shweta dhamija

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Vikas
: Nice one

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Wilhemina

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by www.agneepath.net
: Very nice video

            So-So,
            by pintoo

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by guddu
: Waste of time & money

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by Raju
: Worst, Stupid, Nonsense, Bakwash and very low standard movie

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by vigrx plus on ebay
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) is in need of a job. Prithhivraj (Ajay Devgan) has a job for him. But Abbas has already lied to Prithvi about his identity and if there is one thing Prithvi cannot control his temper towards, it's lies. Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) is in need of a job. Prithhivraj (Ajay Devgan) has a job for him. But Abbas has already lied to Prithvi about his identity and if there is one thing Prithvi cannot control his temper towards, it's lies. 
That they begin to define characters in the title song itself.
Abhishek Bachchan doesn't respond to being called by his own name.
Abhishek Bachchan's dance performance.
Referring to Asrani as a 30 year special appearance.
The casting of dai ma and bai ma - cute!
The one genuine line Abbas says to Rashika (Prachi Desai) just before she is leaving by bus. Even though it was very out of character for Abbas and the film itself. 

Women swooning over Amitabh Bachchan in the title song. Something very eeky about it. 
Why are Abbas and sister talking to their lawyer as if he's heard the entire case for the first time?
The whole Ravi and Shastri equation. What is funny about a son calling his dad out insultingly without any reference to a good bond between them?
The feeble villain.
Archana Puran Singh.
The Apeksha angle. 
The loud one-word voiceovers every once in a while. What is there purpose again?
The sudden change in Abbas' character.
A long list of logical holes. But never mind me.

I liked the flouroscent dandiya/dholak sticks in the title song.
The movie is loads of laughter and the character played by Ajay devan is something the audience should watch for.Wonderful site! I actually like your style of presentation :) Keep it up!Yet another pedestrian humour infused laughter flick disguised entertainment . I want my money back , meetu even if i don't ave anything to do better, i m not going to watch it .@Roy yes sir! When did I say anything to the contrary?One of the worst movie I have ever seen. Both the bachan's and Ajay Devgan - all three are idiots for making such a bakwash and low standard movie. All, they just want to do is collect their pockets from hard working people. No story, no moral and low standard street play.. Please do not go to watch this movie. U and your 3 years old will regret for wasting time and money both..nice comedy by ajay and abhishek...nice comedy by ajay and abhishek...lenstrade.comCopyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Loads of mind-numbing action
Language: A couple of innuendoes and a very weird English :)
Nudity & Sexual content: A woman playing a mushairah girl and making suggestive gestures. A lot of references to being gay and an effeminate character is understood as gay.
Concept: That lying doesn’t lead you anywhere but guilt. But told all so loudly and garishly that lying seems fun.
General Look and Feel: Bright and loud.


