
wogma rating: Watch when on TV/online (?)
Delhi Safari has great animation, especially some of the 3D bits, even if it is way behind in some areas. But writing in terms of both plot and dialogue are huge let downs. Delhi Safari looks like an animation film in Hindi that might actually justify it being in animation, is non-mythological and in fact looks like it has a story. The story involving animals wanting to save their home, their jungle looks like it is also going to justify the use of animals in the story. Else many a time you find stories using animals just to add some cute factor. It also seems like the film is targeted towards kids especially considering the whole 'green' theme. Sure, adults need to be more aware of the damage they are doing to the environment than kids. But, something about the voices and the language used makes it sound like its for kids. In that context, the one film reference in the trailer seems out-of-place considering that kids wouldn't get the reference at all. I just hope the makers had the target audience in mind and didn't get into trying to please all crowds. However it will be great to just hear the voices of Boman Irani, Akshaye Khanna, Govinda, Urmila Matondkar in a different context.The one exciting bit is that the production banner/animation studio is based out of Pune! How cool is that! And it looks pretty good too. Let's just hope the rest of the film – the story, dialogue makes it a good entertainer. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  Delhi Safari's animation is by far the most superior I've seen in Hindi films. But, at it's heart it is a true-blue  Bollywood film, where people are convinced to go against their will using songs. And if there aren't people to be convinced, characters can still break into song. The writing gets random even when there are no songs. Animals from a jungle set out to teach humans a bit of humanity. It looks like writer/director Nikhil Advani wasn't convinced that this basic one-line plot wouldn't convert into a feature length film. Almost an hour of Delhi Safari is a road film where the animals travel from Mumbai to Delhi to talk to government officials about displacement from their jungle. The road film part of Delhi Safari then becomes a series of detours into either songs or endless bickering between Bajrang, a monkey (Govinda) and Alex, a parrot (Akshaye Khanna). Govinda is his typical loud self. Akshaye Khanna's the only voice which seems to be moderated to fit the animation genre. And Boman Irani as Bagga, the bear at times does that. The rest of the cast sound exactly like themselves and that is more distracting than entertaining or engaging, especially Urmila Matondkar as Begum, a cheetah. I'm not sure we can even blame the voice artists because they are barely given dialogue that is specific to animals. The story is set with animals, but they make pop-culture references with a ton of inspiration from Lion Kingand know way too much about human world. And it's not like their situation had any dearth of making animals behave like animals would. If there is any doubt left, it is wiped out with Alex's preachy monologue.Fortunately, the detailing in the animation of the main characters' bodies are really done well. The hair and the animals' movements are created with great attention. 3D too is used really well with stones and dust being thrown our way in the opening sequence. Another sequence where a roller coaster effect has been created is great too. And there are others where the opportunity feels untapped like the flamingo dance or the hyena joint. Other than that, the background, the lip movements while dialogue delivery and in general creativity in developing an atmosphere have a long way to go. Another question that lingers is who is the target audience. Like I suspected, the story line and dialogue seems to be directed towards adults who can relate to the references (including a scene that implies the character is a casting couch) but the rest of the execution looks like it is geared towards kids. Yet, this is a step in the right direction as far as animation, especially 3D animation go in Hindi films. And for that it needs to be encouraged. If only, they didn't take the writing department for granted, I could have done so with a  little more heart.
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      19 reviewers(?)
      -
      13 yays
5 so-so
1 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...Of course, we still have a long way to go before we match up to the Hollywood standards, but you can't deny that the efforts are getting superior. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deboshree Ghosh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...the animals in Delhi Safari leave you awestruck...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mayank Shekhar, 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...Whatever the movie’s budget, it would certainly be a tiny fraction of similar Hollywood films – say the likes of the Madagascar franchise. And yet the quality doesn’t seem inferior by any means....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...The movie is very entertaining though the songs tend to slacken the pace a bit. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Raghuvendra Singh, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...The 3D is nothing to write home about either. But the CGI detailing on the animals is fantastic.  ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...Akshaye Khanna acts as the voice of Alex the parrot (brilliant), while Swini Khara (cub), Suniel Shetty (sultan) and Urmila Matondkar (sultan's wife) all chip in with their voice, lending that distinct quality to the entire production. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Fatema H Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...Unlike stock characters of a genre-based story, Delhi Safari creates solid characters with a purpose beyond merely moving the story forward. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shakti Shetty, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...On the downside, the story unnecessarily drags on in the middle and tries to compensate by wrapping up a bit too early. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...The animation of the movie is not as amateurish as other animation flicks made in Hindi in the past, but is not as good as Arjun: The Warrior Prince either...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepti Assnani, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...Memorable and Cute Safari! ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Karan Anshuman, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...And save for one 2D hand-animated effort that breaks away from the style of the rest of the film, one wonders if we need to force fit this Bollywood legacy of the lip-sync into our cutting edge animated stories as well....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Govinda fuses all his humour, wit and entertainment into the character making for a pleasure watch....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rohit Khilnani, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Although the songs in the film do pop up more often than needed, the film, overall, signifies the progress Indian films have made in the animation genre....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...There’s a spoofy quality to the humour and the involving banter between Alex and Bajrangi enliven proceedings to a certain extent. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...It’s all done affectionately, though, stopping just short of caricature.

...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...t doesn't quite scale Madagascar heights, but the film works on a simplistic level for its target audience- children- and is a cute option for a family's evening out. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...It is much too dependent on Bollywood clichés ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Madhureeta Mukherjee, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...The 3D effects are striking in parts and amongst the best we've seen in India, but few scenes are deja vu 'Lion King'...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Kritika Deval, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...The plot moves way too slowly, all thanks to unnecessarily long fillers that don't do much to add to the story. ...

            full review
          

          62 tweeters(?)
          -
          58 yays
1 so-so
3 nays

VinnilM:
          Super dialogues by @zmilap in Delhi Safari,very nice film,son loved it,wonder whn does Milap write films seeing the amount he tweets
        
velvetyvirgo:
          Aaj Delhi Safari dekh kar by god aansu aaj gaye... khushi ke! Must watch #DelhiSafari
        
Varunol:
          Two totally unconventional films by Indian standards - Makkhi & Delhi Safari. Nice VFX work, combined with even nicer storytelling.
        
TimeToScoot:
          Delhi Safari turned out to be a fantastic movie. Totally taken aback by the superb quality of animation. Don't miss this one at any cost!
        
swapnine:
          Delhi Safari A must watch n treat fr all young n old alike with awesome animation,super direction + V.O.of mega stars.
Cheers fr this Safari
        
sumitjetset:
          Delhi Safari faadu movie guys... :p they have put awesome effort ..... cool work :O
        
SubodhBhalla:
          Kids & wifey went for the movie Delhi Safari yesterday. Enjoyed it a lot & learnt the message too.
        
Snehalwit:
          A must watch movie for all Animated movie lovers " Delhi Safari" .. Loved it !!
        
shishiranimator:
          Delhi Safari.....a must watch Indian Animation Movie....nice
        
Shefalis9:
          Bihari monkey in Delhi Safari is cute :)
        
shaileshkapoor:
          All the best @nickadvani. Watched Delhi Safari a few wks back. Super cool animation quality and 3D the way 3D should be. Kids should love it
        
santakia:
          Go watch delhi safari guys:D #awesomeness #cute
        
safal_lfc:
          delhi safari is a good movie
        
Ronlind1:
          Delhi Safari 3D: Seriously Were u on Drugs when u made this cause if you were please continue having them and bring such beauty out
        
RN05NP:
          Delhi Safari worth a dekho... Kudos nikhil advani
        
Punch_a_Tantra:
          Movie Review: Delhi Safari! One Sweet Joy-Ride! http://indiannerve.com/2012/10/19/movie-review-delhi-safari-one-sweet-joy-ride-1013/ via @IndianNerve
        
prashen:
          Delhi safari is good fun for kids. enjoyable for parents too. Can. E said first proper 3d animated film from India with new fictional story
        
nimesh_nagar:
          one Hindi film I really want my 6yr son to see is Delhi Safari by @nickadvani  
Guys, take ur kids 2 cinema next week & njoy their laughter
        
nayan2627:
          Delhi Safari gives Strong Message - Superb film by Nikhil Advani - Read Review here - http://bit.ly/RxPB8K @nickadvani @DelhiSafari
        
Navjotalive:
          Delhi Safari.2nd time & enjoyed even more.Well done @nickadvani . The man who made KHNH is back n how.Classic Storytelling as he would say!
        
Nams93:
          Delhi Safari- lovable!!
        
MrSukhdeep:
          Liked Delhi safari...Go watch it
        
Moon_lunaa:
          i think delhi safari is a good movie but the releasing date is wrong
        
mohi_rabby:
          Nice Movie Delhi Safari ..
        
MithunNair94:
          Watched Delhi Safari Movie.Good Movie With Good Humor.Kids will Love It.
        
MihirBijur:
          2nd half of Delhi Safari is cute. The characters have all been given a very cute look. Lovely social messaging. Govinda is hilarious!!
        
mendonsuraj:
          Delhi safari is an awesome animated movies ...People please do watch it... The movie really shows us the way we have become in this life..
        
lovecinema3:
          watched delhi safari in delhi....landmark film for animation film genre...awsome ...   @nickadvani
        
life365_daily:
          Delhi Safari first cartoon movie to be released in Oct in #Pune, bit of a drag in between but overall a good laugh
        
lalit_mahara:
          Just watched "Delhi Safari".....
It's an awesome animation movie, a fantabulous animation movie.....!!!!!... http://fb.me/Q9VEbTgi

LadyOldMonk:
          Okay people, go watch DELHI SAFARI. Like TODAY!
        
kishan2008:
          Delhi Safari.. ossam mvieee
        
khan_mubin:
          Go on people, watch Delhi Safari rather than all the candyfloss you waste your money on
        
J_S_THAKUR:
          Watched "Delhi safari" nice animation, good dubbing by all artist although good mind blowing work.
        
jun6lee:
          Delhi Safari was typical in story, but loved the peppy humour, magical SEL music, and filmi chaska!
        
JoyAndLife:
          Delhi Safari=Delight Safari..
Story has a message. Second half completely grips. Drama, humour and depth. India's best animated movie!
        
jijojosein:
          "Delhi Safari is superb, entertaining, expressive, fun and a joy ride that shouldn’t be missed." http://www.welovefilm.co/movie/delhi-safari/  #delhisafari
        
jiimmizz:
          Delhi safari is fun outing movie..!
        
Jayant0407:
          DELHI SAFARI offers something new on the platter. There's ample for the kids, but there's enough for the grown-ups as well.
        
IAmSudhirMishra:
          The. Rebirth of nik adwani Delhi Safari is warm stylish and very funny.The best ind.animation film ever.C it,take yr kids n tell a 100 more
        
grey_coin:
          And Delhi Safari is a must watch!!!
        
gianahuja:
          Delhi Safari is a good watch! Lots of kids and a housefull!
        
ghaywan:
          Take your kids to DELHI SAFARI! They'll have a blast! Nice Bollywood kitsch thrown in, not overly cute, and GOVINDA steals the show!
        
gauravchawla:
          Lion King,Finding Nemo,Shark's Tale, Ice Age-if you liked those movies,then DELHI SAFARI is the movie for you. Releasing Friday #mustwatch
        
Drutu:
          #'Delhi Safari' a decently crafted Hindi Animation Film.one should surely watch this!
        
DiveshIdnani:
          Must.watch.Delhi.Safari.
        
CilemaSnob:
          Ws pleasantly surprised with Delhi Safari. The animation n 3d surely goes many steps ahead fm what we hv seen so far. Do watch wid ur kids.
        
CentralPerker:
          #Delhi Safari is by far, the best animated movie made in India, it can easily compete with any movie from the West!
        
brahmatmajay:
          my review of delhi safari ***1/2 http://chavannichap.blogspot.in/2012/10/blog-post_19.html

BollywoodFan300:
          Delhi Safari' review: An enjoyable film http://english.samaylive.com/entertainment-news/676515846/delhi-safari-delhi-safari-review-govinda-urmila-boman-irani-aksh.html

Blast_Famous:
          Delhi Safari has been watched. So overwhelmed! Kudos to the makers and the team.
        
BidhanL:
          In Delhi safari we can learn many things
        
beeba_puttar:
          Go watch Delhi Safari people. Look for Rachit Varma in the credits at the end. Heres this guy, @MayaMemeSaab. Also, the movie is awesome.
        
arjansbajwa:
          Don't miss the most amazing animation film 'Delhi safari' ...noble concept n brilliantly directd by Nikhil Advani..3 cheers! Go watch it!
        
ajaysingh121att:
          delhi safari i think its must watch movie.... http://fb.me/1TCRCJDXa

Aishwarya__:
          Delhi Safari...entertaining film for kids...and not too bad for grown-ups either!
        
AdorableRANBIR:
          i didn't watch SOTY ! that was housefull , had to watch Delhi Safari, its not just an animated movie , its better than any story ! :)
        
3d_india:
          Just came back seeing Delhi Safari 3D Movie, good animation, music and funny dailogs to keep your entertained,... http://fb.me/2cZtEAF6v

laddoo_:
          Delhi Safari, I found decent. Govinda, Akshay Khanna and Boman Irani were very good, there characters looked cute and funny.
        
VVF47_MUFC:
          My cousin took us to some kindergarten 3D movie called delhi safari #fulldayheadacheonly She is 23 :|
        
r1kartik:
          The quality of Indian animation has always left lot 2 b desired.  This is no different. Barely watchable

DELHI SAFARI

http://kartikr.blogspot.in/2012/10/delhi-safari.html

AnkietChauhan:
          :'(...Mai 'Delhi Safari' dekhne hi kyun gaya?? Boeeerringgg movie!
        
          1 readers
          -
          1 yays
0 so-so
0 nays

            Not Interested in Watching,
            by st George

            Want to Watch,
            by guddu
: Hmmm

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Sanya
: Review
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Hmm...apparently i ve nothing to do better , but i was looking forward to it , now i ll wait for toorent.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Hyenas trying to kill other animals. A monkey plotting to murder a parrot.
Language: Clean
Nudity & Sexual content: One scene depecting a character as a casting couch
Concept: Save the animals, let them have their habitats.
General Look and Feel: Decent quality animation.


