
wogma rating: The keen should rent; else TV/online (?)
The first half of Filmistaan makes you want to recommend it to everyone around. The second half, though not boring, becomes cliché-ridden.It is always heartening to watch the start of an indie film. The excitement that roars from inside as you as you begin liking the film is matched by very few other experiences. Filmistaan gives you exactly that experience. Unfortunately, it doesn't hold up that well through till the end.The dialogue, the performances and the setting hook you in from the beginning. I don't remember the last time I had so many "laugh out loud"s while watching a film. Sharib Hashmi as the Indian assistant director, who is mistakenly kidnapped by terrorists (Kumud Mishra and Gopal Dutt) and is imprisoned at a localite's, (Inaamulhaq) house, is absolutely endearing.It isn't difficult to believe that he is a well-liked character even if an Indian in a Pakistani village. Of course, as many points to the dialogue department as to Sharib Hashmi, but he charms you with his spoofy wannabe actor do. So much so that, even though Inaamulhaq gives an equally good performance, unfortunately he pales alongside Sharib Hashmi. In further comparison, Kumud Mishra and Gopal Dutt just don't have a deep enough character to even try coming close. But, the desert becomes a character that you look forward to in all the long shots. Almost as if the aridity and dustiness seep into the theater inviting you into the film.  On the other hand, the music is slightly jarring. Not that the songs are bad, just that they didn't belong to the film's genre.The real problem then comes with the second half which isn't explicitly downhill either. It's just that it becomes a little predictable with characters taking clichéd routes. Four characters, four clichés. And as many predictable turn of events as there are situations. The fun yet satirical moments gradually deteriorate into "oh we left out this obvious point."And that drops Filmistaan from a 'do not miss' to 'watch when you can'. And that's as saddening as the beginning was heartening, because it hurts to not like a film like Filmistaan. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      29 reviewers(?)
      -
      22 yays
6 so-so
1 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Baradwaj Rangan, 
        
          
             Blogical Conclusion, The New Sunday Express
          :
        
        ...Not all bits are worked out well. There’s a stretch about porn-loving border patrol cops that looks shoehorned in, and the scene where Sunny “steals” an automatic and entertains kids by doing impressions of gun-toting stars is tonally off. But this is followed by a gem of a scene between Sunny and a healer. They talk about Amritsar and little lanes that no one remembers any longer, and then they talk about cinema. We sometimes dismiss our films as stupid, but it’s impossible not to be moved when this healer reveals what Indian cinema means to him. That’s where the title comes from, I suppose. There’s Hindustan and there’s Pakistan – but it’s all really only Filmistaan....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...Summing up, such small but innovative, experimental projects need to be encouraged by the Industry people itself as the viewers are indeed ready for them in this new age of cinema undoubtedly. So do watch FILMISTAAN as a must if you love these kind of unexpected surprises made on interesting subjects in a limited budget, with no star attractions at all………….but also keep your expectations level in control in order to enjoy it more....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...FILMISTAAN walks the tightrope between offbeat and commercial with gusto. This is a massively entertaining film. A film that shouldn't be missed at all. Watch it. Now. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sarita Tanwar, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...If you are a Bollywood fan, you cannot miss this one....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Inspector VIjay, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ... Lots of soul & a brilliant performances.. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Devesh Sharma, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...It’s seldom that we make introspective films laced with dark humour. It’s great to find such superlative effort from first time filmmaker. We need to invest in such cinema as it’s important that young filmmakers shouldn't lose faith in their vision. Go watch the film to understand the futility of Partition and to laugh at our obsession with cinema. And yes, to support good filmmaking as well......

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Johnson Thomas, 
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...Unsurprisingly (for your reviewer at least) the movie ends with Cage’s baptism by water and a happy resurrection that points to an enduring relationship with Rita. All in all then, Doug (”The Bourne Identity”) Liman’s skilled helming, a talented cast and terrific special effects, make for enjoyable summer viewing....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...Nitin Kakkar's obvious love for the mother of the nation, Cine Maa, is clearly visible in Filmistaan. Watch it for several reasons, the most important being that good cinema (read: festival favourite) need not necessarily be yawn-inducing. The movie is one that you will not forget easily, and it is high time that such rare and near-flawless stories are told on the big screen....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Filmistaan truly touched the Bollywood fan in me. Don’t be put off by the name or the lack of stars. This is a lovely little film that will sneak into your heart. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Faheem Ruhani, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...The film does not delve on the old wounds of partition nor does it perceptibly offer a solution to the animosity that has come into the political relations of the two countries.  What it does guarantee to do is that it keeps you entertained and Filmistan does a far superior job of it than any other recent film on Indo-Pak relations.
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rohit Khilnani, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...For a crash course on Bollywood's legendary dialogues, I suggest you go and watch Filmistaan!
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Saurabh Dwivedi, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...The film has a perfect balance of humour, seriousness and emotions. The film beautifully defines the relationship between India and Pakistan and forces us to re-think about the baselessness of our sour bi-lateral relations.
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mohar Basu, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Nitin Kakkar’s Filmistaan is a crackling movie to the core that doesn’t give you one dull moment in its lambent tapestry. Sharib Hashmi is precocious for a debutant and along with Innam’s adept performance, the duo deliver a effulgent film. I, for one, didn’t get enough of the film and can’t wait to pay the price and watch it again....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shubha Shetty-saha, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...A story with great potential, it could have been better. But watch it anyway because its simplicity is beautiful. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...Well, this movie has all the dum you need for a path breaking cinema, as it connects every filmi bone of yours like it did in my case and shows you the beautiful world of film lovers. 'Filmistaan' adds to the list of must watch films from our country and ends up being a mandatory watch for everyone who love Hindi films. It's a beautiful ode to cinema and narrates a love saga between cinema and its lovers....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Subhash K. Jha, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...This quirky charmer from first-time director Nitin is fresh in vision and enchanting in execution. The only happy outcome of the cross-border divide is a heartwarming film such as this. As we often say about the Wagah border, this you gotta see....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Noyon Jyoti Parasara, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Finally making it to the release two years after it received the National Award for Best Film in Hindi, Filmistaan is also a step ahead for the film industry. Of course it would have of been better had it managed to make it to the theaters in time to celebrate the centenary celebrations of Indian cinema. But it's never too late for the good! Jai cine-maa ki! Filmistaan is a movie recommended for one and all!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...Do not miss this National Award-winning tragicomedy. Such cinematic gems, both entertaining and poignant, come by rarely! ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Somdatta Sen, 
        
          
             Star Blockbuster
          :
        
        ... If you stand arms wide stretched like Shah Rukh Khan, if you have seen Maine Pyar Kiya 100 times and if you find yourself at a movie theater every Friday, head to Filmistaan. - See more at: http://starblockbuster.com/movie-review-filmistaan#sthash.f5fWYS8u.dpuf...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ... Small film with a huge heart (and unrealised potential) that deserves to be watched for some lovely moments ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Madhureeta Mukherjee, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...In a nation of star-worshippers, this film devoid of superstars brilliantly stands out. Aaj khush toh bahut hain hum! Ab bas, tareef pe tareef ....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by IANS, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...This quirky charmer from first-time director Kakkar is fresh in vision and enchanting in execution. The only happy outcome of the cross-border divide is a heartwarming film such as this. As we often say about the Wagah border, this you gotta see....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...Why watch the film?
Filmistaan is an out-of-the-league film that comes as a breath of fresh air. Watch this film if you are an enthusiast of unique cinema. Also watch it because after struggling for two years and remaining in the unknown, this national award winner has made it to movie theatres. The best part about Filmistaan is that it celebrates our love for Indian cinema.
 
Why not watch the film?
Like all Bollywood films which require one to keep aside logic, Filmistaan also urges one to do so. It walks the line of being slightly unrealistic....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Suparna Sharma, 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Sharib Hashmi’s Sunny Arora is not the film’s hero. Nor is Inaamulhaq’s Aftaab. In fact, no one is. The film’s idea is the hero. That’s why each character gets the space (it’s an all male cast) the script demands, and all are efficient. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...Filmistaan' works best as a movie about the magic of movies. It's a celebration of India's song-and-dance film culture and heightened emotions... one that unites fans in their shared love for this unique art-form. For its sheer inventiveness and for some terrific comic moments, this film is worth a watch. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Suhani Singh, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...But Filmistaan depends far too much on its hero to control the proceedings. The climax drags as one awaits Sunny's fate. As a film recognising the influence of cinema, Filmistaan is engaging, but not as a kidnapping thriller.
...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Joginder Tuteja, 
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Now if only the film was a lot more humorous with lesser dose of drama and action, it would have been an even more engaging entertainer. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rahul Desai, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...It is still worth a watch, at least for a genuinely unique protagonist that almost overshadows a botched-up final act. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...It is a universally acknowledged fact that Bollywood’s soft power conquers all, and that Pakistan is as much a fan of our films as any other Shah Rukh-Salman smitten country. And the bumbling duo of Sunny-and-Aftaab could have waved the flag that so many of us secretly wish for. There are a few enjoyable moments in ‘Filmistaan’, but the potential is never fully realized....

            full review
          

          121 tweeters(?)
          -
          113 yays
4 so-so
4 nays

_Subhasis_:
          #Filmistaan : One of the better movies that i have seen in the recent past.
        
_aanchalkhurana:
          #Filmistaan #hillarious loved it. Must watch
        
watelseshldido:
          #Filmistaan - A cine-maa never to be missed!!! #mustwatch
        
Vishnuudayan:
          My first day in Mumbai and guess what? Saw a beautiful film! 'Filmistaan' is just another inspiration. — at PVR... https://www.facebook.com/94vishnu/posts/10152214476964952

viral_j84:
          #filmistan a film made with utmost honesty and superb writing. Must watch
        
vinodkashyap:
          Must watch. Real cinema. #FILMISTAN — at Fun Republic https://www.facebook.com/vinodkashyap/posts/10152183339357155

vibhabhatia:
          #Filmistan  Hilarious, Unique & Intelligent Movie !! Kudos to the lead actor, movie director and the entire cast N Crew. A Must WATCH ! 4/5*
        
vi5hal:
          #Filmistaan & #Holiday in the bag! A good days viewing! Both were fun...
        
Vaspar:
          For all those who crib about 'filmy' movies and for all those who love their 'filmy' movies. #Filmistaan #FromTheHeart
        
Tanitc16:
          Guys go watch FILMISTAAN... I laughed n laughed n laughed... the guy was so like me... nautanki n filmy... hilarious one... go watch it!
        
tandavstotra:
          #Filmistaan great movie,. Must watch
        
sumanthvarma412:
          Enjoyed Filmistaan...A good watch...
        
SmitaRoy22:
          More ppl on both sides of the border shud realise n join the peace brigade spreadin friendship n warmth than preaching violence! #Filmistaan
        
slashwillsmash:
          Guys go watch filmistan. Great fun
        
SHMANAZIR:
          After year seen people laughing,clapping and admiring any movie without item numbers or huge star cast.#FILMISTAN deserves 5 Star.
        
shibinvj007:
          “@neetakolhatkar: I genuinely enjoyed 'Filmistan.' Seriously, what a relief to dialogue bazi of Indo-Pak. The end is unique & nice :)”
        
ShaleenAttre:
          Filmistan's corny and cute.. and felt oh so nice after a LONG week at work :)
        
seemantinibose:
          Loved Filmistaan
        
sankpk10:
          Had already seen at MFF, but today @sharibhashmi  you made me to see it again. . Just extra ordinary work. . #Filmistaan #nitinkakkar
        
samketan:
          Guys watch Filmistan superb movie.......
        
samirsharma5d:
          Yeah awsum! "@tweetfromRaghu: And big bro hug to @iArijitdatta on his Bollywood debut. What lovely music! #Filmistan http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxEB0sJAYVs&feature;=youtu.be"
        
SaishaKapur:
          Just watched #Filmistaan! Bang on casting and super story. So much fun.
        
Saakshitewari:
          The best thing about #filmistan is that it surprisingly ends in 2 hours without any unwanted drama.
        
Ruminshah10:
          What a talented actor @sharibhashmi is! #Filmistaan is a must watch Film :)
        
Rheality:
          #Filmistaan is worth a watch, a bit idealistic towards the end but definitely funny
        
ravishkt:
          Nice movie #Filmistaan worth the time in theatre
        
radhikashah:
          #Filmistaan renders itself to d simplicity of life.Tense moments r treatd tenderly.A tragi-comedy no #Bollywood buff's gona b disapointd wit
        
PRKeeda:
          on a movie marathon.. #filmistan is a superbly made movie
        
prhalfman:
          #Filmistaan is a nice movie with something different to offer. Much better than mindless stuff which Bollywood churns out regulary.
        
pray_ag:
          Films move a country and make anodr envy.

#Filmistaan 
#bollywood
@beingsaurav
        
Praval:
          Movies like Filmistaan remind us that great cinema requires amazing actors, not superstars. Kudos to Nitin Kakkar & crew! @nitinrkakkar
        
pratikgaglani:
          Filmistaan...flawless! It doesn't need stars...the film is the star! Sunday morning well spent...
        
prateeks_:
          Go and see #Filmistaan. You will come back happy.
        
PrashantBuddhi:
          Watched Filmistan! A different movie, on the India Pakistan agenda. Nice performances by the lead actors! 
Money well spent!
        
ParmarChandrika:
          Go watch Filmistan. Movie worth a watch. It is a nice surprise.
        
nmn_kohli:
          #Filmistaan one of the finest work  of Indian cinema.
#respect #lovecinema
        
Neetu_Chandra:
          Loved #Filmistan  it's a must watch for everyone.. even for kids . Cheers guys :))
        
neetakolhatkar:
          I genuinely enjoyed 'Filmistan.' Seriously, what a relief to dialogue bazi of Indo-Pak. The end is unique & nice :)
        
m_samina:
          Watch Filmistan.Heartwarming film loaded with Aman ki Asha. For the border is just a line. It divides our lands. Not our hearts or minds.
        
mustardprince:
          #Filmistaan a beautifull movie made with heart. U won them tonight @sharibhashmi and @Inaamulhaq1
        
mukeshmillion:
          Filmistaan a film to watch...hats off to the whole film crew everybody..
        
MsVartikaSingh:
          Saw 'Filmistaan'. Hilarious and quite a wonderful film. Dil khush ho Gayaa!
        
mrugank25:
          #Filmistaan  what a movie !!! Mr Hashmi takes d whole movie on his shoulders completely !! What a talent !! Superb performance !!
        
moviemaNiac06:
          Filmistaan's simple and sincere storytelling will leave you touched whereas its humor and clever wit will have you in splits.
        
MildlyClassic:
          Do not miss the national award winning film "Filmistaan". Brilliant performances by a dear friend @Inaamulhaq1 and @sharibhashmi. Go watch!
        
Medicofreakria:
          #Filmistaan ! Crazy hilarious :')
        
MariaSparrow2:
          A weekend with two terrific films - #Filmistaan and #TheWorldBeforeHer. See both - this doesn't happen too often! http://t.co/CYonSI9Hn8 j8p
        
Manyukan:
          WHAT A WONDERFUL FILM #FILMISTAAN IS! SMASHING!
        
mahtab:
          #filmistaan ... Touching, honest, happy,  emotional, funny, heart-touching... Just like life. Beautiful in its simplicity!
        
M10VR:
          Filmistaan... A real film with amazing performances & content.
        
M0ckstar:
          Surprisingly, 'Filmistaan' has got some awesome critical appreciation and rating. Must watch it this weekend.
        
Lovelogist_L_:
          Now we all have to watch #Filmistaan I guess @RajBaddhan :))
        
kunzz_sharma:
          Well done @utvfilms for producing a movie like #Filmistan. Nice movie, very well acted & directed.
        
kunaljp:
          Filmistan scores in its originality though there is an overdose of the 'film industry' connection. But such films need to be appreciated
        
KSuryarao:
          #Filmistaan re-dekho done... @sharibhashmi quite a few laughs in the hall. my friends like it too.
        
KristineZedek:
          The characters in #Filmistaan r so different, real n believable. Fab performances n justice hs bn done by each one of them! Kudos to d team!
        
KirrD:
          #Filmistan is just not worth missing! Watch it in theaters. It deserves that.
        
kausty1984:
          #Filmistaan what a classic 2 liter khoon badh gaya by god.
        
kartikvadera:
          Filmistaan is a super entertaining film. Must Watch!
Sharib Hashmi... Whatte performance! Mazaa aa gaya!
        
karan_dadhwal:
          Film chahe choti ho , Dil se Bani honi chahiye #Filmistaan
        
jugaaduu:
          An awesome movie after a long time...#Filmistan...a must watch. Short. Quirky and talks right to the heart!
        
Jizzinho:
          A film with its heart in the right place. Go watch it for the warmth it fills your heart with. Sharib Hashmi, take a bow! #Filmistaan
        
jinesh_parmar:
          #Filmistaan supreb movie :)) ..
        
JaiMaloi:
          City lights, Filmistaan .... good cinema will never Die.
        
itsNaCool:
          #Filmistaan doubled its friday figure ...outstanding
        
iSHIRAZONLY:
          #Filmistaan is a wonderful movie. I suggest, everyone should watch it.
        
IravatiD:
          Watched #Filmistan today !! What a surprise package that film. That's the movie you must watch this weekend !
        
IpsyDipsy:
          Filmistaan #mustwatch
        
imakram03:
          enjoyed completely... loved d caste and performance.. FILMISTAN
        
ikashyap:
          Everybody please go watch #Filmistan .Its a very earnest,heart-warming and simple film.And towards the end,we'd hate Chacha Nehru even more.
        
iFictitious:
          Watched Filmistan. Enjoyed it.
        
iAutodidactic:
          Just finished #Filmistaan. It's awsm. What a Movie. Go and Watch.
        
iampravinyadav:
          What a film!  Mind blowing... Fantastic... #Filmistan
        
Hussainkk12:
          Go treat yourself to two hours of good entertainment .. Watch #Filmistaan
        
HuJuRockz:
          #Hussain's tweet 8th June 2014

Go treat yourself to two hours of good entertainment .. Watch #Filmistaan
        
HSK1980:
          No Hindustan.No Pakistan. Only FILMISTAN!!"Bollywood , more of such movies, please!!
        
hinavinocha:
          We need more films like filmistaan.. Pure n simple nothing over the top. Touching n moving..
        
HansKumarIndia:
          RT if you see #Filmistaan before #Holiday.....
Both are worthy
        
Gujjju_Bhai:
          #Filmistaan nice 1 ...  Film for light hearted people .. watch if u love #CINEMA ..!!
        
ghulamrasool1:
          #Filmistaan is a great film. Hats off to Innamulhaq for delivering one of the best performances in recent memory. Simply superb.
        
Filmy_Keedaa:
          Well the second half of Filmistaan could have been handled better but that does not change the overall tone of the film. Must watch!
        
elviskahn1:
          #Filmistaan  awesome job!! Cheers to cinema..
        
drtrivenimehra:
          Filmistaan is gratifying cinematic experience and a must watch for all. Ratings: *** http://twitter.com/drtrivenimehra/status/474948262101676032/photo/1

DikshiZ:
          A small film with a BIG HEART!! #Filmistaan is totally worth every single penny! It's a must watch! If not for anything then for humanity!
        
DevenSela:
          Watched Filmistaan, excellent. An absolute treat to watch. Don't miss it.
        
dayalpooja:
          "Yeh Pakistan hai? Mere paas toh visa bhi nai hai. Ab mai ghar kaise jaunga?" Don't miss this movie #Filmistaan #MustWatch
        
d2ishere:
           If you are a Bollywood fan, you cannot miss this one..#Filmistaan loved the movie
        
CuttingPilaka:
          "Must watch Filmistaan." Says its kickass trailor!
        
cute__aditi:
          Holiday = 4.5 stars
Filmistaan = 4 stars
Both the movies are superb then! :)
        
ColdCigar:
          Filmistaan , Thumbs Up :)
        
chickoo_chirag:
          #Filmistaan: A small film with a BIG HEART! A humorous satire on Indo-Pak relations which is worth a watch definitely.
        
Chetu_a:
          saw #filmistaan loved it .... A beautiful made film with lot of soul and character @sharibhashmi was exceptional
        
briendrashukla:
          #filmistan have seen a lot film on indo-pak relation this one is not so different  but it contains something which holds till the end .
        
blingyyy:
          Filmistan!! Brilliant film!!! Loved it. #Filmistan
        
bibinkumar:
          #Filmistaan - Go, have a nice time. Time to laugh and think. Must be your weekend movie.

One reason why I love film festivals :-)
        
Being_Humor:
          Filmistaan Spoiler: People will not watch it since the story makes sense.
Nice movie. :)
        
beeingfilmy:
          FILMISTAN REVIEW A MUST WATCH FILM: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzmfGZkhOJg&feature;=youtu.be via @YouTube
        
Bachchan_Pandey:
          #Filmistan What A Movie !!! Must Watch !!! ***** Stars !!! Bravo To The Whole Crew !!!
        
ashishhunter69:
          #Filmistaan spreading love for Bollywood worldwide.
        
arun999g:
          Filmistaan is good.has some punches which r surprisingly humourous.nd some scenes r well executed.one time watch:).
        
arkitektkt:
          Filmistan..a must watch
        
arjun0928:
          #Filmistaan a decent attempt for a tribute to the bollywood.  Showing what actually a film can do beyond boundaries. Jai Cine Maa.
        
archinamo:
          Brilliance in every sense!! #Filmistaan
        
apj_rocks:
          I hv to c such a hilarious movie alone #Filmistan
        
ani2weets:
          Movie Review: Filmistaan…is a film everyone should see!! http://nblo.gs/Xunbj

amit12354:
          #Filmistaan is funny, fresh an most importantly it has a story with a heart.. Congrats to the team @utvfilms #shringar #satellitepictures
        
amangangadharam:
          Watched such a good bollywood movie after a long time. #Filmistaan is truly a film without boundaries.
        
AliceInChennai:
          #Filmistaan.. presents a whole new perspective, good acting, and a story that touches your heart .. @sharibhashmi talent to watch out for!
        
akashdeep25:
          Filmistan is a cool film n the lead players n director r top rate. Don't miss
        
abhijit_kumar85:
          #Filmistaan; gem of a movie. All the so called "big banners", do learn something about movie making from @nitinrkakkar  Take a bow man !!
        
aaqibrk:
          Jis #Filmistaan ni vekhya wo film fan nahin. Go watch it for the beautiful message, conveyed in a sweet manner by @sharibhashmi n Inaamul!
        
aabhisheks:
          Fabulous film! “@madversity: Just got call from @ashokpurang who says Filmistaan has got good Dubai release & is due for Pakistan next week”
        
21_amit:
          What a fantastic movie #filmistaan is. Do urself a favour go and watch it
        
TheDessertCart1:
          #Filmistan okyish movie. Great attempt by the lead cast. Editing cud hv been better & little more masala added. Score 3.5/5
        
ronyd:
          Filmistaan is just another above average film. Highly overrated with a boring 2nd half.
        
neha202:
          #Filmistaan is a refreshingly funny film albeit with some cliche cross-border melodrama. 3/5
        
navneet4:
          #Filmistaan - very nice and humorous take on how cinema (& hence art) can help dissolve boundaries :) but slow paced and so, boring at times
        
sunderchand:
          #filmistaan is very slow n tiring movie.Still showing d nostalgia of pre-partisan india.Not done this way. Time wasted.Wont give evn 1 star
        
mustafsid:
          I dont feel a sense in this movie #Filmistaan
        
Bawli_Booch:
          Average, avoidable, inconsistent, slightly confused film.
#Filmistaan
        
Baahu:
          #filmistaan could have been more funny...abrupt ending
        
          1 readers
          -
          1 yays
0 so-so
0 nays

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Preeti
: 70
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Spot on review, Meetu. But for the predictable deus ex machina in the latter half, it would have been an indie classic. I caught it on DVD and would give it that very rating. Pity, it went largely ignored by the public and even critics.Thank you, @Samir!Once in a while a movie by a little known star cast (production included) comes along on a shoestring budget and warms up your heart enormously.Filmistan is one of them.Thoroughly enjoyed, even though a bit unrealistic.  No great twists in story but still engrossing to watch.  All the lead actors were good and did justice to their characters.The dialogue about paying a large price for a shirt lingered on for a long time.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Gunshots.
Language: Clean
Nudity & Sexual content: None.
Concept: An Indian film-lover lands up on the other side of the border, where he finds Pakistanis just like him.
General Look and Feel: Dusty and perfectly topical. 


