
wogma rating: Add to 'must watch' list (?)
An engaging, must-be-heard story told with great balance. Yet, half-hearted focus on relationships distracts from the main story. Chkravyuh had caught my attention the first time I saw the trailer because of the cast picked for the film. I wouldn't imagine Arjun Rampal or Esha Gupta in any cinema that was 'different' from the norm. And while I have always enjoyed the films Abhay Deol picks, somehow a policeman turned rebel isn't something I would have thought of him as. And I have always been a fan of anything that catches me off-guard. Yet, it is difficult to shake off the feeling that Arjun Rampal's dialogue delivery looks too forced and Esha Gupta looks like she is over-dramatizing. But then you always have Om Puri, Manoj Bajpai and Abhay Deol to balance it off. Also, Anjali Patil looks like she's going to hand us a cracker of a performance. Anyway, with content like the one this has, maybe performances a little below par might do too. Rebels/revolutionaries vs establishment with rebels fighting for their right. You instantly recollect Paan Singh Tomar and you notice the texture of the two films being similar, except of course the item number that Chakravyuh carries and the lame, chauvinist marketing that they seem to be employing including having Arjun Rampal act as if he is directing! Yet, Chakravyuh's theatrical promo makes you want to watch the film. 
Doesn't look like the songs have the same effect though. Whether the want from watching the trailer will lead us to a good film or not, we will know soon enough. Music Reviews:
Milliblog – "NW1W” (Not Worth 1 Word) 
Bollywood Hungama – "2/5"
Bollyspice – "2/5"  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  You see the Naxalites' point of view that the administration of the country cannot be bothered with the poorest of poor citizens. You understand the frustration of a handful of police officers who are pretty much rendered impotent while wanting to do the right thing. You wonder about right and wrong. A movie that has done all of this has pretty much done its job. Only thing is you wish you weren't distracted by relationships that are too shallow and a few songs including an item number!I really would like to know if there is some research on the positive impact of an absolutely avoidable item song in a film. Especially in a film that takes itself very seriously and expects nothing less from us. Similarly, I understand the need for an emotional base to a subject so grim as the rotting roots of the political and administrative systems of India. But, why such a half-hearted one? Adil Khan and Kabir's (Abhay Deol) friendship isn't given a base convincing enough to make us invest ourselves in their dilemmas. In fact, there seems to be no internal struggle as far the friendship is concerned, then why have it in the first place. The story could well have been told without that relationship, except for maybe the weak point it was trying to make that the situation in the naxal areas is so bad that a conscientious person would choose to be on their side over his personal relationships, in pukka Namak Haraam/Avatar style. The same flakiness pervades the friendship between Mrs. Khan (Esha Gupta) and Kabir. It also seeps through how conveniently Kabir is accepted by the Naxal movement through the film, right to the end. Esha Gupta in her short and dispensable role adds melodrama and over-acting. Arjun Rampal's labored attempt at showing restraint is too visible. While his stiff body language might go well with that of a hardened inspector, but yet I couldn't but wonder what depth another actor could have brought to his character. Anjali Patil on the other hand comes across as the frustrated and angered rebel that she plays.  Abhay Deol as usual fits into his role with with ease. The rest of the cast is balanced by Om Puri, Manoj Bajpai and Kabir Bedi as convincing influencers on one hand and uneasy performances by the actors who play ministers, senior police officers and the businessman's son. Fortunately though, all these things, while distractions do not take away from the balance that writer, Anjum Rajabali has maintained while presenting the arguments of the Naxalites. It can be argued that the law and administration system have been painted a thick shade of gray. But do any of the things portrayed about the corrupt system ring untrue or difficult to believe? Hardly. Similarly, the dialogue is written with a lot of thought and is key to striking the balance. Yet, there is that feeling that creeps in the las half hour the film of having watched something halfway through. Of course, the war is still on. But I just wish that either the whole friendship angle was completely eliminated or it was given a lot more depth that would have added many layers to the film's social message. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      44 reviewers(?)
      -
      17 yays
9 so-so
18 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Anna Vetticad, 
        
          
             annavetticadgoes2themovies 
          :
        
        ...Hindi films these days tend to feature Muslim characters usually when they’re making a larger point about either secularism or terrorism or a certain way of life or all of the above, as though you and I never bump into Muslims as regular folk in our daily lives. In Chakravyuh, Adil Khan just happens to be Adil Khan. For that, among other reasons, I’d like to shake Prakash Jha’s hand. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anjum Shabbir, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...The only downside and one which many Bollywood films suffer from, was the editing department. As far as an Indian audience is concerned, the film is the right tone and format. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...CHAKRAVYUH is not even remotely similar to the talked-about Tamil film KO [2011], nor is it an updated version of NAMAK HARAAM. Sure, the premise may sound similar to the latter, but there's more to CHAKRAVYUH than friendship gone sour....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mayank Shekhar, 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...This intellectual honesty is the film’s finest achievement. For most parts, the director ensures the audiences engage with a masala, action thriller – packed with the sound and fury of guns and bombs. This doesn’t force him to dumb down thought as well. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Manu Agrawal, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...The weakest link is shoddy acting by Arjun Rampal, Esha Gupta and the guy who played Mahanta's son...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Trish Gupta, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...But then perhaps Jha’s aim is neither nuance nor surprise. What he wants to do is to set up the broad contours of the debate: to show us why vast numbers of poor people in this country have felt it necessary to take up a violent path that leads to a stand-off with the state...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Subhash K Jha, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...Would the Rs.70 wage earner be able to afford the Rs.200 required to watch this film?...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...The friendship of Arjun and Abhay and the cracks that appears for different reasons is what tears at you...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rohit Vats, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...However, Jha’s handling of the human side of Naxalites is praiseworthy. He clearly knows the difference between a Naxal and a human who is also a Naxal. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Swati Deogire, 
        
          
             In.com
          :
        
        ...Go watch 'Chakravyuh' for an engaging take on the Naxalite issue and don't be surprised if you're left wondering about a solution....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Aakash Barvalia, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...Arjun Rampal is a versatile actor and is known for his marvellous performance in every movie, and thus no such different could be found in this movie....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Karan Anshuman, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...Do such films need item numbers any more? Must the effectiveness of the message come at the cost of style? But then again if a Bhansali can produce a Rowdy Rathore, give me a Chakravyuh over it any day....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...It's also interesting how Prakash Jha incorporates humour into this otherwise sombre story....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ... Cinematography is special; it captures the rustic terrain beautifully. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bhawana Somaaya, 
        
          
             Star Blockbuster
          :
        
        ...Director Prakash Jha and writer Anjum Rajabali, through six remarkable characters, unravel a story of

unresolved conflicts and pain....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Meena Iyer, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...of the girls, Esha starts on a shrill note but improves later. Newbie Anjali Patil shines. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bikas Bhagat, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...Songs of the film are completely in sync with the mood of the film....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             cinemaah
          :
        
        ...The intention is clearly stronger than the execution....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shaban Ansari, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...And it all ends predictably like it does in all Hindi films. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...Manoj Bajpayee is able in his role. So are Esha Gupta, Om Puri and Anjali Patil. But the show belongs to Arjun Rampal and Abhay Deol. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...Jha was so caught up with trying to cram everything he knows about Cops vs. Naxals into three hours (almost), that he skipped a very basic aspect of screenplay - characterisation and interpersonal relationships...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...Arjun Rampal looks fantastic and has done a superb job, would love to see him in such roles....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...on't expect something great like Apaharan or even Raajneeti, for that matter....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...The length of the film comes across as the biggest hindrance in Chakravyuh...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Sukanya Verma, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Similarly some unintentional comedy is provided by a puny lad playing Kabir Bedi's son as the single-most raucous, hamming presence in the entire film.  ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...Another major flaw in the film is its length. With the attention span of the audience diminshing with each passing year, making a film of 2 and a half hours is quite a gamble....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Baradwaj Rangan, 
        
          
             Blogical Conclusion, The New Sunday Express
          :
        
        ...The conflict, I suppose, is between doing justice to the subject and not driving away a modern-day audience that flinches from heavy-duty emotion...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...Following his set pattern (not really working in CHAKRAVYUH), Jha also has an deliberately added item song here which is equally weak as the other tracks composed by more than one music directors in its soundtrack....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Keyrun Rao, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...Prakash Jha’s political thriller is unintentionally funny and much worse than his previous film Aarakshan...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Khalid Mohamed, 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Chakravyuh isn’t worth a vyuh...er...view....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Esha Gupta’s dialogue at the end will perhaps go down as the most ridiculous two words ever said in a death scene in a movie....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Ameetbhuvan, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Added to this the lengthy monologues of grandstanding between every actor makes the proceedings more like a Bhandarkar film....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Deepa Deosthalee, 
        
          
             Film Impressions
          :
        
        ...It is a fertile premise for a great story, but not for commercial cinema which demands simplification and entertainment regardless of plot considerations....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...From ‘Beckett’ to ‘Namak Haram’ to ‘Charavyuh’ the inspiration appears to have gotten sullied....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Suprateek Chatterjee, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Chakravyuh is, ultimately, a victim of typical Bollywood excesses....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Fatema H Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...Prakash Jha’s filmography has largely centred on films related to social issues. In the recent times though, they have taken a template-like tone that is informed with resounding drama and distinctly Bollywoodian elements that sets it in a unique formulaic zone....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rohit Khilnani, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...Some parts of Chakravyuh are very well shot and intense too but that's only in patches....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...Om Puri, as the Binayak Sen-like character has the feel of a man who has lived, and suffered, by his ideals . Manoj Bajpayee as the Naxal chief brings a just-right ‘sur’ to his sketchy part . ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Roshni Devi, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Arjun Rampal doesn’t really fit the bill as the tough cop, neither does his bristly moustache help. Esha Gupta is more of the let down. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sanjukta Sharma, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        ...Anjali Patil gives the most assured performance, while Abhay Deol seems almost indifferent ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shakti Shetty, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...Arjun Rampal is an utter disappointment. Though he fits the bill physically, his emotional scale is grossly underwhelming. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shilpa Jamkhandikar, 
        
          
             Reuters
          :
        
        ...All the leads, including Arjun Rampal, Abhay Deol and especially Esha Gupta lumber through their roles, not once making you empathise with their characters...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sudhish Kamath, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...Form and content could not have been at war more....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by The ThirdMan, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ... The songs, barring the horrendous item number, are well written and nicely used in the film but the background music is a big no-no....

            full review
          

          302 tweeters(?)
          -
          228 yays
28 so-so
46 nays

yearning4d_sky:
          Just coming from #chakravyuha an intense film
Makes a statement alright 
Next time I read the news of Naxalites I might just wonder
        
yaduwanshi3362:
          What a movie - chakravyuh
I completely liked it,
Prakash Jha alwayz rocks..:-)
        
woohoochild:
          I really like the way Chakravyuh has been made. A recommended watch just to see the two sides of the Naxalism issue.
        
WHYDIS:
          Watched #Chakravyuh power packed performance by @rampalarjun , Abhay Deol & Anjali Patil - A good political thriller by Prakash Jha !
        
what_ive_done:
          Chakravyuh was good actually...
        
vysakh:
          Chakravyuh was awesome. Ajust watch IMHO. An eye opener too
        
vvarunj:
          #Chakravyuh A must watch movie!!! @rampalarjun Awesome performance (Adil Khan) Lal Salaam!!!!
        
vrooprabhu:
          Please watch Chakravyuh
        
vnd792:
          Saw Chakravyuh today an amazing film,my reading on dhantewada encounter etc helped me understand it better..#respect to prakash jha (cont)
        
viruserious:
          Movie Chakravyuh" another epic from Prakash Jha
        
viraj_jadeja14:
          Watched Mvi Chakravyuh yesterday  shows India's biggest threat naxalism superb direction &storyline hats off to Prakash Jha a must watch mvi
        
vik_singhh:
          #chakravyuh is really a good, lucid, effective, nd well directed movie. seriously its been a pleasure to be a viewer of it !
        
vikramrao2002:
          Chakravyuh a nice watch..!
        
vikasexe:
          What a super performance @rampalarjun & what a fine movie. #Chakravyuh is a hard hitting delight. My rating: Laal Salaam (4/5)
        
vijays99222:
          Chakravyuh is an awesome movie Arjun Rampal and abhay deol rocks
        
VedankSingh:
          #Chakravyuh way to the perfection now sir! what a movie, Murmuring the dialogues till now! i dunno till when now :P Addicted
@BajpayeeManoj
        
VazShalini:
          Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh rocks ! Thought provoking cinema; not bubble gum gibberish.
        
varun_k02:
          #chakravyuh #brilliant
        
VarunBarneyS:
          Chakravyuh- The Best socio-politics movie I've ever seen. Very important to issue to focus on, in our country. Superb performances by actors
        
VarshanSookhun:
          Chakravyuh - Gripping thriller about the real life human versus human battle.  First rate performances from Arjun... http://fb.me/1h83I5gHf

TussharSayS:
          No wonder abhay Deol shocked me.. And Manoj Bajpai, well i am speechless.. #Brilliant #Chakravyuh
        
toodamnharsh:
          Soldiers are those who choose to become strong so that the rest of us can afford not to be.
Go watch Chakravyuh.
        
Three20kbps:
          Chakravyuh is simply brilliant!
        
therumbum:
          Chakravyuh was actually a nice movie. Worth a watch definitely! Good actors, concise and to the point script.
        
TheBrewstress:
          Chakravyuh - Another well directed movie by Prakash Jha with some powerful performances. Worth a watch..
        
TharkiOrkutiya:
          Watched Chakravyuh finally, a sublime cinema with super actors.. way to go @BajpayeeManoj and @rampalarjun
        
tejash212:
          #Chakravyuh..Strong movie..as expectd frm Prakash Jha..dnt expect lot of twist in d tale..bt lvs u wd a thght 4 d country..worth a watch
        
TejasBaldev:
          For the ones who have been quite curious about the Naxal scene in our country, you have no reason to miss #Chakravyuh.Go watch.
        
talllika:
          Halfway through Chakravyuh and I can undoubtedly say this is one of the best films I've seen in a long long time. Thumbs up to @rampalarjun
        
t4sunny:
          Just saw Chakravyuh must say amazing movie wid superb performance of @AbhayDeol  and  @rampalarjun
        
swaroopkaimal:
          #Chakravyuh. Watch it for the theme, Anjali Patil, @rampalarjun, cinematography, and Abhay Deol. Necessarily in that order. 3.5/5.
        
swapg:
          Chakravyuh is hard hitting as always & yes it showed that we all are caught up in this never ending vortex.Abhay,Arjun & Manoj were awesome!
        
SunnyMoi:
          Chakravyuh a good Movie, Gripping story line, Amazing acting by Manoj and new actress. Abhay and Arjun need to visit whistling Woods. 3.5/5
        
subhamroxx:
          Watched Chakravyuh Today..great script presented by Prakash Jha and well done Arjun Rampal and Abhay Deol..the end could have been better!!
        
subhajitm:
          Chakravyuh = [A (nearly) good movie - Arjun's (& hison screen wife Esha) horrible acting]* Half baked Abhay & Manoj Bajpayee's act]
        
srirameragam:
          'chakravyuh': brave attempt by prakash jha, liked it very much, abhay deol is a very good performer, wont be liked by hi fi people
        
sravea:
          Finally Must say #Chakravyuh team
LAAL SALAAM @rampalarjun @AbhayDeol  its worth a watch. Brilliant acting kudos
        
SrabantiBanerje:
          Jst I watched CHAKRAVYUH,awesome performance by Arjun Rampal & Avhay Deol....
        
Spike_ace:
          Chakravyuh his awesome. Hats off to Prakash Jah!
        
smartdeepak1:
          JUST WATCHED ,  
CHAKRAVYUH.                FABULOUS  MOVIE.       PRAKASH JHA HAS 
LIVED UP TO  
EXPECTATION. AGAIN BIRLLIANT JOB.
        
singhcd:
          Chakravyuh -(cont.)If hard hitting realistic films are your thing,you won't be disappointed. Wish he gets less preachy in the next one.(END)
        
shrutsays:
          Chakravyuh: awesome movie! Awe-inspiring performances esp Arjun Rampal!!
        
Shishir523:
          Just saw the movie #Chakravyuh. An Amazing Story, effective told by @prakshjha. Award winning acting by @rampalarjun
        
Shekher43:
          today I saw 'chakravyuh' ,
nice story....
        
shekarbr8:
          Prakash Jha is one of my favorite director and the chakravyuh is a very very decent and worth to watch movie.I miss Ajay devagan ....
        
shefu68:
          Grt acting in Chakravyuh.   Loved the movie. Keep it up
        
Sheer_khurma:
          So the movie was pretty good, well directed on a reality statistical topic. Abhay Deol doesn't fits in these roles. #Chakravyuh
        
shashanktripat8:
          Watchin' chakravyuh its stupendous, fabulous nd horrendous;-)
        
ShashankRohella:
          Feeling lucky to watch #Chakravyuh for the second time...Keep rocking the theatre with your masterpiece #JhaSir
        
shashank13:
          #Chakravyuh is gud.good story,good performances,good direction,shows the story frm all vantage points.I just hav 1 ques fr PrakashJha(contd)
        
shahbharat246:
          Chakravyuh nyc muvy ... :) lal salam ;p
        
shabeerdreams:
          Chakravyuh shows the Dark Side of India.... 75% live below PL with Daily wages of Rs.20.... Prakash Jha's so far best one.. High Quality BGM
        
SEXYGUYRAAJ:
          Movie lovers _---watch chakravyuh...
        
sexbom2:
          Saw #Chakravyuh super movie n a gr8 sunday nw a hot lesbo sex with my sweet friend rani
        
sayanchaterjee:
          must watch chakravyuh.. well done @rampalarjun  sir..
        
saurabharaiyer:
          #chakravyuh a must watch
        
satyadtruth:
          An intense plot by Prakash Jha...Kudos to the Chakravyuh team for their audacious work!!! Abhay Deol continues to impress...
        
sanketagrawal:
          Chakravyuh definitely deserves a watch! It's an honest attempt to bring to light the truths about the Maoist movement. Makes you think...
        
sanju_no1:
          Bollywood has surprisingly produced some excellent movies in last few months #GOW, #Barfi, #EnglishVinglish and now #Chakravyuh
        
Salilacharya:
          #chakravyuh was enaging , pacy at least the first half was and arjun , abhay were credible .. Arjun getting thr as an actor
        
saakshiagarwal:
          #chakravyuh this word has definately brought me to. Thinking hard. What's. My. Corporate life fetching me and others? #salute to prakash Jha
        
rohit_starz:
          it ws day filled with feelngs  i wtchd muv chakravyuh which insist me thnkg abt poor ppl othr is ....
        
rjanup:
          Chakravyuh : 3.5 / 5 mirchis, brilliant n must watch ,

#Prakash jha brilliantly scripts Chakravyuh and puts... http://fb.me/1N1RlhcM1

rishikavijan:
          #Chakravyuh What a movie! Bloody good.
        
rimahere:
          Chakravyuh!!! brilliant, thought-provoking, rivetting.. the best movie in the political genre, that I have seen so far..
        
RGUnstoppable:
          Forget acting. Chakravyuh is nicely done!
        
revendralanje:
          Prakash Jha has made his finest film yet, Chakravyuh! It requires guts to take such a clear cut stance... Hats... http://fb.me/2uSK9MO0l

RBtrary:
          Chuck-reviews and go watch Chakravyuh... Its worth a watch...
        
Raxita:
          Chakravyuh - what a beautifully woven movie. Very thought provoking
        
raul_07:
          #Chakravyuh, couldn't have named the movie better! Arjun Rampal, not known 4 his acting skills has done his very best.Worth ur money n time!
        
ratish_m:
          #chakravyuh don't understand y such movies go empty in theaters!
        
Rashique_Sultan:
          Chakravyuh beautiful movie :-)
        
ranpreetbhatia:
          #CHAKRAVYUH - A story that must be heard. @BajpayeeManoj loved your work here sir.....keep it up !!
        
RanjitRaina:
          #Chakravyuh brilliant work by Prakash Jha #MUSTWATCH
        
ranabirspeaks:
          Good morning folks! I will watch 'Chakravyuh' again just for @rampalarjun and abhay deol. Both are awesome in the movie. ☺
        
RamkrishnaSaha:
          Chakravyuh is a excellent movie. Shown the reality of various movements that have taken giant forms. pain, suffering ,emotions,leadership
        
rakeshranjan_in:
          #Chakravyuh - Deadly combination of #PrakashJha's  direction and acting acumen of @BajpayeeManoj ,#AbhayDeol and #ArjunRampal. A must watch.
        
rajpablo:
          #chakravyuh - Brilliant: powerful performances - tune in to The RAJ&PABLO SHOW for our full review tomorrow [email protected]  @AbhayDeol
        
RahulTrivedi915:
          Chakravyuh again very nyc issue base movie of Prakash Jha sir !!
        
raghuvendras:
          #chakravyuh is a meaningful entertaining movie with powerful performances. Its a must watch. Wish @BajpayeeManoj was more there on screen.
        
punya71:
          main b.tech hun comrade #chakravyuh : a movie well made :)
        
Pulkityadav9:
          Chakravyuh is really avesome .. based on maowadi battle..
        
psthatsme:
          #PrakashJha-a real film director; thank you for showcasing the monstrosities that occur and the political the mess of it all! #Chakravyuh
        
Psrivilas:
          Still reeling in the hangover of an experience called "Chakravyuh"..! @rampalarjun take a bow along with the entire crew!!
        
priyankit23:
          Although prakash jha lost some ground with aarakshan. But he has struck nail in the coffin with #Chakravyuh
        
priyalraja:
          writing article on #chakravyuh and remembering that i really enjoyed that film seems like ages ago since i saw it and was really 2 weeks ago
        
prince2305:
          'Bhai dekh liya hai bahut teri sardari re Ab to hamri baari re'imp topic conveyed in robust [email protected] was superb#chakravyuh
        
pravindpatil:
          Unexpectedly good movie chakravyuh
        
pratik_chandak:
          Chakravyuh was certainly worth the watch.. 7/10.
        
pratikkayal:
          prakash jha's #Chakravyuh..who's view it is #dilemma..watch it for the production and performances.
        
PratibaBhat:
          Truly mesmerized by the movie "#Chakravyuh". I was never aware about the complications behind such issues. Arjun & Abhay Deol were too good.
        
prashantgolani:
          Lal Salaam RT @sravea: Finally Must say #Chakravyuh team
LAAL SALAAM @rampalarjun @AbhayDeol  its worth a watch. Brilliant acting kudos
        
pranita344:
          Chakravyu:Prakash Jha gets Bestest outa his actors @rampalarjun abhay deol and brings out real problems of our nation #Mustwatch #getaware
        
poonamrajdev:
          Chakravyu splendid [email protected] @BajpayeeManoj amazing acting super hit of the year!
        
pocha:
          Rang de basanti, Pan Singh Tomar, Barfi, Shanghai & Chakravyuh are some of the movies with solid messages which made me think #fb
        
pktutu:
          Make #chakravyuh #TAX FREE @BajpayeeManoj  RT if u agree
        
pavi_zindal007:
          Chakravyuh (2012)
http://imdb.com/rg/an_share/title/title/tt2292625/ @cinemawithpower  best acting n sizzling concept...must watch
        
PathanAejazkhaN:
          Just watched Chakravyuh. Well made, perhaps close to reality. A complex issue well handled in the limited three hours. Go watch it.
        
paramspeak:
          #Chakravyuh is not a film without flaws, but that makes this essentially humane drama only more humane! Thank You Mr Jha... Contd
        
Omkar_Kohe:
          On Occation Of Eid Watched Chakravyuh Today Its Full Paisa Vasul Movie Gr8 Work By @rampalarjun....!!
        
nprashant:
          #Chakravyuh leaves u with #LalSalam slogan. Prakash Jha is been successful 2 show balance situations bt @ the end sympathy goes to #Movement
        
nkumar_:
          Chakravyuha is quite a well made one movie & balances both the sides very well. The item number is second half is a waste
        
Nidhik20:
          Prakash Jha take a bow .. Sumthin like #Chakravyuh shuld b sent for Oscars !!
        
nidhijak:
          #Chakravyuh - for us, a three hour entertainer; for millions in India, that's life
        
NeetiSharma2:
          #Chakravyuh turns out to be a great movie as expected.
        
neelkushal:
          Chakravyuh .. Prakash jha .. Did not disappoint ..
        
nayanika1234:
          CHAKRAVYUH
a great movie, a must to watch 
my rating: 10/10
        
NavinBajaj:
          If you haven't seen #Chakravyuh yet, GO SEE IT! It's a refreshing change from the escapist trash that Bollywood has made you habitual of 4/5
        
nabilvirani:
          #Chakravyuh a superb movie ! Prakash Jha #Respect ! Abhay Deol rocked it !
        
mouryaarul:
          Chakravyu is awsome movie....
faad ke rakh di sarkar aur police walon ki.......
thaaaaan movie hai bhai.....
        
minzi8mango:
          #Chakravyuh  Best movie out of India this year!  illustrates brilliantly the complexity of problems facing the heartland of India
        
miaLhan:
          All i wan 4 dis October is #chakravyuh,i think @rampalarjun played well in dis movie & am vry glad 2 c his potential growing.well done team!
        
MePurplelicious:
          Abhey deol <3 & @rampalarjun terrific perfomance!! These two guys took my heart all over again. #Chakravyuh.
        
memyselfshweta:
          Love the film to ...: #chakravyuh gogogogogogo....
        
MehraBhanushree:
          Awsome work..Arjun Rampal and Abhay Deol. Thumbs upp # Chakravyuh!!
        
MeghawatS:
          Great movie Chakravyuh..LAAL SALAAM..:)
        
mechandru:
          Chakravyuh : A direct message to prime minister of india, like all prakash jha films.
        
MansiSinghai:
          Movie like #Chakravyuh comes in a long while. I must say @rampalarjun made it deserve applauds and a #WorthWatch.
        
manojmedicoamu:
          Chakravyuh must watch movie.movie with message,prakash jha rocks
        
malviyamit:
          Just watched Chakravyuh. Well made, perhaps close to reality. A complex issue well handled in the limited three hours. Go watch it.
        
Love_Tanmay:
          If yashji is king of romance then there is no one who can compete @prakashjha1 in political thriller..must must watch #Chakravyuh is awsm
        
lalitdewangan:
          watched CHAKRAVYUH yesterday...
awsome movie....
LAL SALAAM to movie and ofcourse PRAKASH JHA......
        
k_nandini:
          #Chakravyuh is a mass entertainer parading as a niche film, but it gives you gooseflesh every now and then. http://disbursedmeditations.blogspot.in/2012/10/rousing-melodrama.html

KusumMohapatra:
          Chakravyuh is one compelling movie. Just wondering how many in the audience actually "watched" the movie. The young crowd seemed despondent.
        
Kushal998:
          chakravyuh... must watch. http://twitter.com/Kushal998/status/262274243964858369/photo/1

kunal_1191:
          Chakravyuh actually depicts the situation of communists.. Hats off to Prakash Jha :)
        
Krishnandu:
          Chakravyuh : 9 / 10 :)
        
KiranMahe:
          #Chakravyuh reminds about helpless state of Indian democracy. A good watch!
        
kirankhurana:
          Chakravyuh:A movie for all who loves India 2 break the Politician-Businessman-Police nexus used in exploitation of tribals. Don't miss it.
        
kiranbaraik:
          chakravyuh is to good movie .>>>>
        
ketan_1605:
          watched chakravyuh today- remarkable performances by Abhay Deol and (unexpectedly) by @rampalarjun!
what a weekend this was!
        
kbhardwaj87:
          Awesome direction as always #PrakashJha #Chakravyuh faadu movie. A must watch... !!!
        
kaushrajv:
          Chakravyuh !! A good one.... Happy weekend to all !!
        
kapslocks:
          PLEASE watch #chakravyuha. It addresses a 'development' reality concerning india that we hv been hiding under the carpet for too long!
        
Jonty_10:
          Watched CHAKRAVYUH today. Another well directed movie by Prakash Jha. A realistic story has been reflected. Really liked the movie.
        
joannedsouza:
          Chakravyuh, though slightly slow in parts, us a brilliant movie! Please go watch!
        
jkmrb:
          Just saw #Chakravyuh. It's a must watch for every concerned Indian on the threatening Naxal issue. Makes you think outofthebox(office). 4/5.
        
JapinderKBaweja:
          #Chakravyuh is a very well made film ... Kudos to #anjalipatil for a superb performance. Loved #arjunrampal too !!
        
jaiwana7:
          #Chakravyuh Brilliiant movie @ajaydevgn I'm 100% sure the Role of Adil Khan was made keepin you in mind #JusticeNotDone.
        
itsmoron:
          Chakravyuh was mind boggling,Totally loved the acting of Arjun Rampal , Abhay Deol and rest of the cast,Definitely recommended #Bollywood
        
Ishadiva:
          Chakravyuh - excellent super excellent! Beyond 5 star! Nexus between corporate houses and politician and resultant emergence of naxalites.
        
iNDeeeMindS:
          Guys do watch the movie ' Chakravyuh ' by Prakash Jha
        
imuttam_:
          watched chakravyuh today, its was an nice movie with reality..!! arjun did a fav job
        
imrajesh:
          Watched Chakravyuh. Shows naxalism in right spirit,
        
iFlicks:
          Out Now: Chakravyuh belts along like a firecracker. It lasts 2.5 hours. It feels closer to 40 minutes. Review: http://ow.ly/1PdRCA

iBeiNgMuKeSh:
          Wow awesome movie #chakravyuh. :)) 5 star
        
iam_suhash:
          Chakravyuh ! RT @MissMalini: Need a good Sunday night movie recommendation. Anyone anyone? #WhatToWatch
        
iam_prash:
          Seriously yes! It mirrors on reality, the naxal-MNC nexus, the tribals etc... @calamur: twitter doston - is chakravyuh worth seeing ??
        
iamtahzy:
          Chakravyuh is hard-hitting and thought-provoking. Abhay Deol is fabulous !
        
IamSidz:
          Prakash Jha has the hands of a jewel. Chakravyuh is a GEM! Love the way Jha handles such burning issues.
        
IAMRAWATDS:
          #chakravyuh -is most like film ,it is blockbuster 2012- #PRAKASH JHA -come back film ,#chakravyuh (a war cannot escape) - great film
        
iamankitagrawal:
          Chakravyuh - Great message by the movie, and Abhay Deol, take a bow !
        
huzefamm:
          #chakravyuh...what an awesome movie..just loved @rampalarjun performance..LAL SALAAM!!!
        
hi_uday:
          chakravyuha...Bright side of dark has successfully shown
        
HimanshuPantji:
          #Chakravyuh #PrakashJha has done it again. Great subject. Great movie. Lal Salaam Jha saab..
        
hethal09:
          Chakravyuh reminded me of Hazaaron  Khwahishein Aisi.. it had really moved me..wonder where Sudhir Mishra is these days..
        
hemanthsingh:
          Watched Chakravyuh, Hard hitting movie and made in true Prakash Jha style, Glad he's managed to put the horrible Aarakshan behind him
        
HarshitAggrawal:
          Chakravyuh Movie  is a brilliant effort from one of the most realistic and respected directors of India, Prakash... http://fb.me/1lVmQ6ot3

harshadnine:
          #Chakravyuh amazing movie.. hats off  @rampalarjun
        
hardikbhatia0:
          #Chakravyuh “Awe-inspiring performances… must watch for superb direction, and for the dramatic highs” ★★★..
        
Happyadrish:
          #chakravyuh an awesome movie by Prakash Jha. True story of maoists. Impressed.Hats off. And in ur style lal salam
        
GulabkaFool:
          Chakravyuh is such a wonderful movie,deserves Oscar nomination.
        
goyalsachin22:
          Perfect Masterpiece by Prakash Jha #Chakravyuh ...
        
girish_k:
          #Chakravyuh a brilliant portrayal of the naxal situation.. Safe with placing both sides of argument - but a movie that sets you thinking
        
gianahuja:
          Chakravyuh is a well made movie with good performances however seems like a remake of Avatar, on a desi topic!
        
geetanjalidhar:
          Sad but the truth is tht social exploitation from everywhere is also a reality for many in a parallel govt set up.#chakravyuh stirs u 4 sure
        
gautomsaharia:
          #Chakravyuh a well crafted movie, #PrakashJha rocks again with a burning issue. #kudos.
        
Garithepari:
          Brilliant movie !!! @rampalarjun @AbhayDeol #chakravyuh
        
Freakologics:
          Hats off to Prakash Jha, for makinhg a movie on such a strong Subject : Chakravyuh
        
fayyu4eva:
          Just returned from movie #Chakravyuh. I remained dumb my way to home. Hats off sir @BajpayeeManoj.
        
FayeTally:
          watched #chakravyuh today, great film, lal salam comrades :)
        
FauxPasindia:
          Watched Chakravyuh today. Very long but excellent movie!
        
Dukhiyarilady:
          Chakravyuh: an opportunity for the "urban" audience to see a glimpse of real India through a realistic story. 1/3
        
drvbanerjee:
          Chakravyuh- what an intense movie. Worth a watch!
        
DrradhaVerma:
          Chakravyuh a very well made movie. After a long time. Shaken by the strength nd selflessness of a struggle. A real hunan touch
        
Donny_Saheb:
          #Masterpiece #Masterpiece #Masterpiece #Chakravyuh @rampalarjun
        
docsunsand:
          chakravyuh ko mera lal salaam , great film, must watch
        
DhaneekSATRA:
          #Chakravyu #win #prakash jha dam good work....hit and sexy movie!! For the first time like the work of arjun rampal..
        
devina_sarwatay:
          Chakravyuh makes you think and that too hard!
        
deepbasu1:
          #chakravyuh was fabulous ..congrats @rampalarjun  @AbhayDeol  @BajpayeeManoj
        
debiprasad444:
          Just watched Hindi movie 'Chakravyuh'.....A must watch movie for everyone....probably the best movie of 2012 till now.......
        
DaminiAmma:
          Abhay Deol is good which is no surprise. Have to compliment Arjun Rampal though. His best after Rock On! #Chakravyuh
        
chirag96:
          Today was great :) Watched a really GREAT movie "Chakravyuh" a rare movie, have to say worth a watch! One of the finest movies of this year
        
ChaaniSrivastav:
          Prakash Jha take a bow.  Only you could make a #Chakravyuh that intelligent.
        
b_neelasri:
          A slice of reality.. And reality is sometimes so painful.. #Chakravyuh
        
Bhupesh41517606:
          "CHAKRAVYUH" what a masterpiece.....hats off "LAL SALAAM"
        
Bhanoo:
          #Chakravyuh it does touch you heart & make you think for a change, but how long does it last? Remember #SMJ #3Idiots #RangDeBasanti
        
Balochfromlyari:
          " Hats off to Chakravyuh. It is only a great film but a major contribution towards building a just fair and a more decent society."
        
azmin_mistry:
          Chakravyuh and Abhay Deol -- a must watch!
        
AvinashaSharma:
          Watched "Chakravyuh". Nice story, camera work, over all good movie.. I better say a watchable one. But I fear it will stir up your views..!!
        
ashishkhanijo:
          Chakravyuh- Mr Prakash Jha does it again. Amazing and so true to life!
        
AshishJog:
          Watched Chakravyuh today. Wonderful film. Is it the 1st Prakash Jha film w/o Ajay Devgan? Abay Deol's role was perhaps written for him.
        
Arush_Zeus:
          Watched Chakravyuh, liked it.
        
arshdeepjalal:
          Watched "Chakravyuh" with Yash Sharma and  Shivam Sharma ...
Awsome Movie !!!
        
aro_john:
          Chakravyuh: Brave film. Well-done Prakash Jha :)
        
arkaul:
          #chakravyuh, another great effort from #Prakash Jha
        
Arindam_1104:
          Loved the movie Chakravyuh...
        
apurvatank:
          Chakravyuh is reality check...naxal delight...great work by prakash jha,but lacks ajay devgan's presence#missingstarpower
        
aparajita20:
          #Chakravyuh was definitely worth a watch for being true to its subject, well almost. Not to forget the much droolsome @rampalarjun ;)
        
Anusual:
          Just watched Chakravyuh. Greatly recommend it.
        
ankushsingh78:
          Chakravyuh one of the best movie in my life...I saluted to prakash ha...
        
Ankur_Gupta88:
          Take a bow @rampalarjun  I didn't watch the movie, I lived it.Fantastic work by PJP .Congratulations and carry on the good work #Chakravyuh
        
ankitron:
          watched Chakravyuh. Brilliant film.
        
anishiyer27:
          After a long time watched a hindi movie #chakravyuh and it turned out brilliant ! Eye opener to the  hidden reality of naxals.
        
AnikGadia:
          Saw #Chakravyuh good movie... Gives the ground reality of the naxal movement... ther is a bit of drama though which can be ignored...
        
amithsebastian:
          Impressive performance by @rampalarjun  and one of the better hindi movies i have watched in the recent past #Chakravyuh
        
amibba87:
          "chakravyuh" nice movie just wnt to say dat u all like one thing in d mve n its"laal salam"
        
amarpatell:
          Laal salaam #chakravyu #awesome #movie
        
amankhurana91:
          #Chakravyuh #PrakashJha tells you a straight-forward and 'balanced' story with no adjustments. Amazingly gripping! Full review soon!
        
Am17S:
          #Chakravyuh by far is Prakash Jha's best production so far !! Definitely a must watch for the script !!
        
AlwaysTrishla:
          #Chakravyuh a complete must watch..kudos to prakash jha, anjum rajabali for the extremely balanced view point on naxalism a subj so complex
        
alokbhartiind:
          #chakravyuh a fabulous movie.i have seen ever
        
allcafinupdates:
          Chakravyuh..... Gud Movie.... Must watch....
        
akshayjajodia:
          chakravyu.a movie which the society should see.
        
akshayerathi:
          Wonder why Prakash Jha has to add an item number in all his films for the heck of it! The sore thumb in an otherwise great film. #Chakravyuh
        
AjNewspaper:
          Movie Review: 'Chakravyuh' is an honest attempt to decode Maoism
        
Ajay_Malik3103:
          all friend go n watch movie Chakravyuh i like dis movie
        
adwaitdash:
          Saw #Chakravyuh on Dushera only. Power packed performances by @AbhayDeol @rampalarjun @BajpayeeManoj again Mr.Jha Great show.
        
Adorable_Baloch:
          Lal salam! prakash jha's #Chakravyuh  rocks really an awesome movie portraying #naxalites
        
adiyuva:
          Prakash Jha's "Chakravyuh", nice efforts to show Tribal land issues. (picturization & location selection is... http://fb.me/1a9BaEhD9

adityaSethi2601:
          #Chakravyuh amazing movie #mustwatch #abhayDeol you are a class
        
adityapranav:
          #Chakravyuh deserves accolades for its substance and the message it sends across. It's sincere effort to bring awareness.   It is important.
        
acsshaktisingh:
          Awesome movi plzzz watch CHAKRAVYUH
        
AChhatrodiya:
          According to me,Chakravyuh touch our heart by considering our attention to the real poorness and problems of nakshal peoples.
        
acemaker24:
          #lalsalaam to @AbhayDeol  & @BajpayeeManoj ...you guys rock fellas...#chakravyuh
        
aaruw:
          #Chakravyuh realy very great movie i like it..amazing carector of @rampalarjun --aadil khan..nice act nd rajan @BajpayeeManoj also..good one
        
aarshvora:
          Chakravyuh has a well-intentioned, finely crafted screenplay that is engaging, entertaining and enlightening!
        
Aaditya_Vs:
          Watched 'Chakravyuh' movie today .. Oh !! Its just awesome .. I have no words .. Excellent Work by Arjun (cont) http://wl.gs/wXPad

Y2Jericho:
          Watched Chakravyuh, a good movie, although it lacked in some areas (2.9/5) The reality era in b'wood is here to stay. Abhay Deol ftw.
        
voice_within86:
          Watched "Chakravyuh"  - Decent muvee, Powerful Performances, although wasnt as strong a story Prakash Jha tried to raise many issues at once
        
twiferme:
          #Chakravyuh - #PrakashJha's direction and story line were good but #BajpayeeManoj #AbhayDeol and #ArjunRampal acting were a let down!
        
tommy_bytes:
          'Chakravyuh', an OK movie wth a weak cast, except d Maoists! Rampal wud surely win a N'nal award smeday if he played d part of a dead body!
        
TheGhyGuy:
          A little bit of Namak Haram-like back story infused into a take on the Naxals. Good in patches. Average screenplay. #Chakravyuh
        
swanakshatra:
          Chakravyu keeps u at the edge but wid a lil slack ... Esha amateur act Anjali Patil is someone who steals ths show wid her black beauty
        
stageindiaetc:
          'Chakravyuh' review to follow. It's a relevant film, but not engaging enough. You don't make any emotional... http://fb.me/2bRnpX4ye

RavikantPatil:
          chakravyuh - good script,dialogue, story etc... pathetic acting by arjun rampal n his partner etc.. movie holds unbiased stand...
        
RamuKakaOnline:
          #chakravyuh first half massive yawnfest... Second half mindblowing! Poles apart... Arjun is decent but Abhay is Abhay after all! #trueActor
        
RakeshTheKumar:
          Chakravyuh is average. Watch it on TV. Only Arjun Rampal and Manoj Bajpayee's performances are the saving grace.
        
pratik_jack:
          #Chakravyuh is watchable. amazing effort by prakash za.
        
PratikkCMehta:
          Mini Review : Chakravyuh : Great story, poor casting, and poor execution! Abhay deol takes the cake. Honorable mention the new Mahindra XUV
        
musingsman:
          Chakravyuh-hard hitting-but gave me a low budget feel...
        
manish_masalah:
          Chakravyuh : Whn th line betwn right wrng n left becms blur..strng political movie..bollywd masala bit ws avoidable, ws'nt enuf 2 get crowd!
        
laggayiwatt:
          Chakravyuha was ok ok, very predictable from the start till the end....good thing was the movie did not take too much side...
        
k_rohit_a:
          such a great idea, such terrible acting. chakravyu is a thought provoking movie ...only if u can ignore  the actin
        
KauwaBiryani:
          Truth so powerful that weak direction can't stop to prevail. #Chakravyuh
        
iVikas_gupta:
          Chakravyuh...
Nothing new... average acting and poor dialogue delivery...
Story is good...
        
HolidayJockey:
          Prakash Jha has done decent job in #Chakravyuh but somewhere it gave me feel of budget movie however Msg ws loud n Clear !
        
ghanshyam_ut:
          watched chakravyuh today...the subject is nice but the story is too fast that u couldn't get it...one time watch movie ★★½
        
GauravG123456:
          #Chakravyuh Review 2.5 . Some good actions scene but can be more better . Abhay Deol was Brilliant. Typical Prakash Jha.
        
gaud3011:
          Chakravyuh was a decent attempt. Abhay Deol's character could have been explored more in depth though
        
doctor_ji:
          #CHAKRAVYUH encounters look too silly.first half is good.abhay deol is very good
        
biswatosh:
          Liked the movie superb acting by Manoj Bajpai, Arjun Rampal, Abhey . However little more research could have done wonders. #Chakravyuh
        
awesomewax:
          I just watched Chakravyuh,good premise, unconvincing that Arjun Rampal's WIfe is also a Police Officer & their relationship with Abhay Deol.
        
ashwinr00:
          #chakravyuh saw the movie for starcast n liked the movie just for starcast!
        
AnunayAgnihotri:
          Just finished Prakash Jha'S Chakravyuh. Well directed but aimless. Concept is good but cud hav been much better. Same casting as before.
        
amitpujari1:
          Watched Chakravyuh..Prakash Jha has made a decent movie. Arjun Rampal still with one expression,Abhay Deol rocks.Esha Gupta no comments..
        
womkerr:
          Naxalism For Dummies - what best describes Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh. My chakReview of the same: http://womkerroncinema.blogspot.in/2012/10/naxalism-for-dummies.html

waglenikhil:
          Prakash Jha's 'Chakravyuh' is as good or as bad as his earlier films like raajneeti or arakshan. Good subject, no depth. Job in a hurry!
        
venus3112:
          Chakravyuh is a lousy film. THAT.
        
Ushu:
          Watched Chakravyuh... What was Prakash Jha thinking?! Jeez!! :|
        
Twincognito:
          Thanks Mr. Jha for makin me feel like  Abhimanyu. I knew how to enter the Chakravyuh but i slept through the whole plot of getting out
        
traxracer:
          Chakravyuh is so cliched! Left the hall during intermission #crapmovie
        
SudhishKamath:
          Chakravyuh: Jha really disappoints and how! This could have been Raavan done right but for the staging & drama. How we miss Nihalani! 4.5/10
        
SinghalAP:
          Big actors Manoj Bajpayee and Om Puri grossly wasted in #Chakravyuh while giving screen space to waste Arjun Rampal
        
shroff_rohit:
          Disappointing Chakravyuh! It could have been made in a soooo much better way, but Prakash Jha had to commercialize it like Rajneeti:-/
        
shreyaannam:
          Abhay Deol’s performance was the only saving grace of #Chakravyuh. A good plot..Delivered poorly. And Rampal was not one but impressive! :|
        
Sethumadhavan:
          For someone of Prakash Jha's calibre #Chakravyuh certainly disappoints !!!
        
SameerPawtekar:
          Jst nw watched "Chakravyuh" movie...worst movie i've ever watched..!!
        
saahilvd:
          #chakravyuh has a good story but extremely poor delivery and direction. Could have been much better
        
Pushkarr:
          Amazing overacting by one and all (including Abhay Deol) in Chakravyuh.  No acting by Jaanleva Rampal and hardly any role for Manoj Bajpai.
        
pratikothari:
          heights of dumbness and [email protected]

prasadr:
          Saw chakravyuh for it was about the naxals,  watch a documentary instead. Poorly directed film that doesnt do justice to the issue
        
pragatimehra:
          Any film glorifying anti establishment is just not worth it #chakravyuh no matter wat bullshit maker wants to give in name of creativity
        
PMakhijani:
          Chakravyuh disappoints...
        
PKGulati:
          Totally avoidable! RT @Shortpitched @PKGulati is it worth the time? #Chakravyuh
        
parshwati:
          #Chakravyuh: Weak plot, no story, zero direction and bad acting. Totally avoidable.
        
nikhilkulk:
          Chakravyuh - Couldn't have been more childish. Arjun Rampal lowers the bar for the worst performance by a leading actor.
        
neetakolhatkar:
          In all Chakravyuh was fast, etc..thoda jyada bhashan baji..naïve way of exploring Maoism..
        
Mauji_Mastaan:
          I bliv,
Film made on social issue should be thought provoking,
But during #chakravyuh d only thought provoking was,"when d hell it will end"
        
K_Inder:
          Saw #chakravyuh incredible waste of time not because plot was bad but script and performances were a let down.
        
KamnaDutt:
          Chakravyuh is so boring. I slept during the film. ZZzzzzz
        
jugaadu_:
          #chakravyuh incomplete.insensitive.immature.
        
jnu4yogesh:
          'Chakravyuh' cud hav been better.. Disappointed by my senior Prakash Jha. Manoj Bajpayee looks grt as olwys but all credits to Anjali Patil
        
JawaanBeti:
          #Chakravyuh is such a badly made film. It's a travesty of one of the gravest issues contemporary India faces. Pity.
        
JassPreetHayer1:
          watched Chakravyuh today....the film lacks "entertainment" in traditional sense of the term...A BIG DISLIKE..who wants to see such cinema.??
        
jaiminchokshi:
          watched Chakravyuh by Prakash Jha, very disappointed by movie cast.. #wasteoftimeandmoney
        
Himala:
          If you happen to like #Chakravyuh, you definitely don't read enough.
        
harsh1986:
          2 disgusting movies back to back chakravyuh n ajab gajab love. God only knws wat was wrong with me.
        
harguneet:
          Saw two movies this weekend...both were terribly done..decent stories but terrible acting and editing..rush and chakravyuh
        
Godgeez:
          Chakravyuh and Paranormal Activity 4 - mediocre.
        
dupisandhu:
          #Chakravyuh was very predictable. Probably worst of Abhay Deol movie. Didn't have intensity of Apharan /Gangajal. Nor polished like Rajneti.
        
desiblab:
          The real premise of Chakravyuh is how to get out of the varied range of emotions Arjun Rampal so perfectly expresses.
        
cornerteastall:
          Decide on whether to make an art film or a mainstream one. U can't mix upboth. Can't please all. #chakravyuh
        
bodhasushma:
          #chakravyuh...a potential script gone waste...abhay deol an over rated actor, delivers dialogues like a wimp... learn frm veteran om purji
        
beingtassy:
          #Chakravyuh less like a film..lesser like a documentary
Dint like it.Read #HelloBaster that is a better utilization of time on the subject
        
BeingRahulRaj:
          Its about time people started realizing that dantewada is a real place where real people live..#chakravyuh what a let down!! SHAME
        
AtomicVendetta:
          Chakravyuh had a good script. Bad direction. Could've gone places. Disappointment.
        
AnkitOjha:
          #Chakravyuh: Dull intro, strong middle and a ridiculously weak ending make this one of Jha's weaker films.
        
akshayarya1985:
          #Chakravyuh could have been a good film had the director decided to use some actors.  Abhay deol and Om Puri weren't enough.
        
aiket:
          Walked out of Chakravyuh half way. Horrible movie. (@ Inox) http://4sq.com/RU9h7y

AhaanAgrawal:
          Chakravyuh - bakwaas movie
        
abhuram:
          #Chakravyuh kabhi bhi kuch bhi?! Can't believe it's done by the same fellow who did the brilliant Gangajal! #disappointed to the core!
        
          4 readers
          -
          2 yays
2 so-so
0 nays

            Want to Watch,
            by vinay

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by detective
: good movie..............................................

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Murtaza Ali
: Chakravyuh is a thought-provoking work of cinema that despite its flaws remains true to its theme

            So-So,
            by sharpdetectives

            So-So,
            by silvan
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.The naxals are fighting on behalf of the weak. But are their means to get to their end right? In the midst are caught an honest police officer Adil Shaikh (Arjun Rampal) and his friend Kabir (Abhay Deol).The naxals are fighting on behalf of the weak. But are their means to get to their end right? In the midst are caught an honest police officer Adil Shaikh (Arjun Rampal) and his friend Kabir (Abhay Deol).
The basic plot and point the makers are trying to make 

The sound system in the theater I watched Chakravyuh in. The voices seemed to echo in the first 10-15 minutes. And the setting during songs was such that the voice was drowned by the music. 
The scene where Adil Shaikh wins the confidence of the villagers - the scene was too long and the situation over-simplified.
Music in the scene in which Kabir is running into the forest for the first time. 
The disclaimer in the 'mehengai' song. Either the makers should've chosen different names or had the guts to stick to what they were implying. 
Use of rain to depict overall sadness. Aren't we done with this metaphor yet?
Nice review. :)Gonna watch it this weekend. Have many expectations from it.Loved your analysis of the movie though I thought you have been a bit harsh in your overall assessment.And I agree that the friendship element was quite week. The movie indeed could have been much more brilliant had it does away with its Bollywood-like excesses and brusqueness.Thanks @Vinay. Try to reduce expectations a bit, you might enjoy it better :)@Murtaza I guess that it boils down to how much the Bollywood excesses and weak friendship bothered us.nice review... gonna torrent the film tonight Btw the first promo was a give away and it looked like a modern version of Namak Haraam but with Prakash Jha I expected a film like Gangaajal but seems like he is following a formula of mixing his well known realistic formula with fiction and relying on action scenes and dialogue baazi....Arjun seems to be getting a lot of beating after some riveting works before and from the same director who gave him rajneetiThanks! Torrent? :(Yeah, the promos gives most of the story away. It's not a great film, but it is a part of our country that we ought to knowCopyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Lots. And some gory too.
Language: Abusive language used.
Nudity & Sexual content: One rape implied and in general talk about rape. 
Concept: Maoists vs Establishment 
General Look and Feel: Gritty and grim


