
wogma rating: Switch channels if it's on cable (?)
Unless you know that you enjoy this kind of humor, juvenile adult comedy that is, please skip Kyaa Super Kool Hain HumKya Kool Hain Hum was one of those films that you wanted to forget while you were watching it. One of those embarrassing ones where you wouldn't want anyone you know to see you in the theater. And when you step out of the theater you want to scrub off any residual memory there might be lying around. Only, that the writer decides to turn director and refuses to let you do any of that. We are soon going to be face-to-face with Kya SuperKool Hain Hum.Y-I-K-E-S.The innuendos and the toilet humor come rushing back.Needless to say, I am so not looking forward to the film. Yet, I wouldn't say it is masochism that would lead me to the theaters next Friday. It is hope – hope that their brand of sense of humor might get a laugh or two out of me. And secondly, it feels like a call of duty – how can I not review a film just because I think it's going to bad; it would be unfair to just watch films that I want to watch. These arguments stand true for any film that I know is not my type. Only with Kya SuperKool Hain Hum, I'm not even curious about how bad they've fallen.Yep, that's the amount of justification I find myself giving to the other me who is grumpy about having to spend 2-3 hours in a theater knowing that there is a near-zero chance of enjoying it unless you call, the tiny hope that Riteish Deshmukh and Tushar Kapoor's comic timing carrying the film, a chance. Goodness, just look at this -
And well, we can take solace in the fact that the actors themselves are embarrassed. Don't be too surprised if you see me copping out of this one. Music Reviews:
Milliblog - "Kya Super Ordinary Hain Hum soundtrack."
Music Aloud – "4.5/10"
dunkdaft - "Thankfully with only four songs the soundtrack is average, the soundtrack doesn't harm coz after all its for a senseless movie." 
Bollyspice – "4/5" 
Apun Ka Choice – "3/5"  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  Disgusting, regressive, juvenile, crass, crappy. All this is what I expected. But Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum isn't even any of that. The indifference with which I could watch the entire film was pretty saddening. I didn't even feel like disliking the film, like it didn't even deserve that kind of response. Sure, there was lots of loud cackle in the theater. Yet, it wasn't as much as I thought there would be. There were a lot of slack times when there was no puerile pun, no supposedly adult joke, no mockery of gay people. They were just drab spans of few minutes each when you could sense the boredom in the theater, assisted ever-so-slightly with a loud remark, "stop boring us." However, when there was laughter, it was so hard that I, for a second, wished that I could enjoy the 'non-veg' jokes the way some of the people in the audience were. It is a release to have such a hearty laugh. But all I could think was, really, THAT was funny?But, this was soon overcome by feeling bad for the lead male actors. Riteish Deshmukh and Tusshar Kapoor try hard, you can see the amount of energy such a performance needs, yet all you can feel is sad for them. They've had to regress mentally by a good 20 years. You can imagine how sorry I felt when I saw  Anupam Kher address dogs as humans and sulk when he sees them mate. Yes, there is a lot of dog-mating talk in the film.The women, have to sit pretty and look gorgeous and they do that all well. And well, of course, dance. The songs are peppy and energetic but the lyrics felt like they were trying too hard to make sense. What I found the most hilarious was they actually tried to have a plot to string all of this together. Along with being mockery telemarketing, Rohit Shetty brand of films, and almost everything else that can be considered intelligent, Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum ends up being a mockery of story writing itself. Like always, I find myself trying too hard to make sense of films that weren't intended to be taken that seriously. But then again, I am a part of that audience. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      32 reviewers(?)
      -
      7 yays
8 so-so
17 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...Despite the sexual tone, adult jokes, impish humor, the movie, at no juncture, gets offensive, distasteful or objectionable. In fact, it's one big joyride from commencement to conclusion...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Kshitij, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Second half dips & the climax sucks, but heck, by then you've already got your moneys worth....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...
KYAA SUPER KOOL HAIN HUM is super hilarious in bits and at some points, dips deplorably low. Actually to the pits! ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Somak Basu, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...It's juvenile and dragging at some parts, but it gives entertainment in very high dosage....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...What's admirable about the movie is that it is unapologetic to the core and right there in your face. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...Director Sachin Yardi tells the story in his usual, unapologetic style. One would call the film clumsy, had it not been funny. But humorous it is, even if in parts. Worth a watch, if you’re not very high-brow or prudish when it comes to humour. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum is a clever comedy that unabashedly basks in the glory of adult humour. Morals be damned, go enjoy the film....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Nikhil Kumar, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...Watch Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum only if you have the funny bone to laugh at silly, double-meaning jokes....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shalu Dhyani, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...While the film goes the whole hog in terms of shamelessness and is delightfully unapologetic about it, what disappoints is that it limits itself to a series of puns and gags when it had the potential to be much more....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rony Dcosta, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...The cast makes this is a comfortable watch because it appeared they were quite at ease and were having a fun time shooting this. The story is just an excuse for director Sachin Yardi to showcase his skills in telling the jokes. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Ameetbhuvan, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Intelligent scripting, witty dialogues and tasteful yet "adult" situational comedy are not this film's forte. Made to cater to the front benchers and young college going crowd, KSKHH is a fun watch while it lasts....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Roshni Devi, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum has some really good laughs, but the second half can be a tad disappointing....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...KSKHH ends up being too long-drawn and stretched. By this time, even the quality of humour goes down ranging from plain PJs to SMS jokes....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        
        
          
             Roochster
          :
        
        ...there's no story, just random scenes or jokes put together to create one sex comedy....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Madhureeta Mukherjee, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Some of the humour, dialogues and gestures are X- plus; so chances are you might squirm and scream. If you have a whacked out sense of humour, and are willing to leave your brains behind, go laugh your guts out!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Anna M.M.Vetticad, 
        
          
             annavetticadgoes2themovies 
          :
        
        ...The writing is so flat that I suspect a pre-pubescent child could do better. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...Director Sachin Yardi handles few sequences well, particularly in the second half, but he surely could have gone for a decent storyline to support his talented dialogue writers....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Mayank Shekhar , 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...You know at some point the jokes will dry up. They’ll start exhausting you with their only meaning; let alone the double meaning. The film will lose energy too, given there wasn’t much of a plot to keep it going for this long...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Aniruddha Guha, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...Kya Super Kool Hai Hum amuses you intermittently but largely leaves your brains in a tangle, and the mind gasping for breath...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...Its a full- frontal attack on your senses and whatever laughter gained from it , leaves a bad tastebehind ....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Nupur Barua , 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum is a long movie, and the humour stretches and tries your patience after a point, but do not expect a story that makes sense....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Writer-director Sachin Yardi is too lazy to create a plot, so the film is just a series of gags that allow him to bung in as many puerile sexual innuendos as possible...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...Unfortunately these are only a few shining moments in what is otherwise a crass, unfunny film...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Fatema H.Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...There is a lot of buffoonery and irreverence in the low-brow film but little charm or intelligence. It is a dish spiced up for those whose sensitivity bar isn’t too picky, ‘offensive’ being the relative term it is....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...They probably wrote the dirty jokes first and then spun a script around them...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Janhavi Samant, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...The whole film is pretty much avoidable. Neither vulgar enough to denounce, nor gross enough to outrage, nor absurd enough to be funny, just plain indifferent and insipid.  ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Karan Anshuman, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...There are virtually no redeeming points in the film...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...It’s crude, crass and completely clueless...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Raja Sen, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...It's a pigslop assemblage of schoolboy laughs that stopped being amusing when our voices cracked...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Gaurav Malani, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Ask for some storyline and you get a bunch of SMS jokes and some ancient amusing email forwards clubbed together to form a feeble plotline...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rahul Desai, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...In the end, it doesn't matter who directed this, how it was shot or which great mind surfed through his college porn stacks to write this trash. They're proud to call it trash....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shomini Sen, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...What works for the film is the fact that it is extremely unapologetic about the ‘nonsense’ that they have churned out for the audience....

            full review
          

          128 tweeters(?)
          -
          80 yays
9 so-so
39 nays

zarkarprateek:
          "@TusshKapoor:.......wah wah  kya baat hai sir dne excellant work ....I just loved it #KSKHH
        
xSakinaxx:
          Kya super kool hai hum, was really funny hehe
        
varunmehra5:
          Kya super kool hai hum- A movie full of double meanings and nasty comedy with almost no story! But you'll be pushed to extremes of laughing.
        
varpe_sagar:
          Some says #kskhh hav no storyline. But no one want story from such films. Kya superkool hai hum. Rich of entertainment. Paisa vasool.
        
thePratik7:
          double entendre at it's best #KSKHH
        
TejasThe3G:
          #KSKHH = #AmericanPie of india... superb comedy..just go nd laugh... :D
        
Suyashyk:
          Watched kya super kool hai hum. Super koooool movie
        
SunanditaaKar:
          KSKHH.....hilarious movie..
        
suhasbhat1114:
          Kya super kool hai hum is kool... Enjoy it guys
        
Stavan_barot:
          Just watched kya super kool hai hum...awesome movie
        
sohanbrahmavar:
          Kya super kool hai hum.. Super cool...
        
singhbakshish59:
          Njoing 

"kya super kool hai hum"

i really like adult comedy 

its very comedy 

mst watch tht
        
siddhuS94sid:
          kya super kool hai hum was juz FAADU movie, d entire movie is filled wid double meaning comedy and enjoyed everybit of it :D
        
SidarthaSid:
          hiii frnds saw kya super kool hai hum it was nice .
        
shubhluvsonam:
          KSKHH bought this to make face -> :D @TusshKapoor @Riteishd awesome!
        
Shradz_Rd:
          Gosh! No eye cnct wid my parents aftr #KSKHH... Nyways i luvd d muvie.. @Riteishd ur comedy timings wow hats off.. Luv u!
        
Sethumadhavan:
          Compared to a Rascals or Double Dhamaal this is way better :) #KSKHH
        
SahilKKC:
          Kyaa Super kOOl hain hum..
Its an all tym entertainer..
Asleel baato se hi sahi kisi ko hasana, Asleel dikhane se kayi guna behtar hai..
        
sachinwaghmar18:
          Best movie kskhh...
:):):):):):):):):)
        
rummysagoo:
          Freaking hilarious movie kya super kool hai hum. La whore da dhaba Aur dabakar de
        
ruchi_lol:
          Its super kool :) "@jeelunadkat: @ruchi_lol cocktail ewwww..btw hwz #kskhh ????"
        
RoCkEt391:
          Just saw "Kya Super Kool Hai Hum". Fucking funniest Indian movie ever! On par with American reunion!
        
rahul9295:
          watched #kskhh, i must say kskhh  was an entertainment entertainment entertainment. hats off to balaji and @tanuj_garg
        
rahil_razvi:
          kya super kool hai hum amazing movie i saw yesterday .....full on entertainment  paisa wasool
        
RaguChauhan:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum. TOO FUNNY! Loved it! #KSKHH
        
probir2011:
          finally #KSKHH was seen :) @tusshkapoor @Riteishd & #EKTA mam :) yardee for making a pure Entertainer,Full paisa wasool.. Big hug :)
        
PritamB13:
          Lai Bhaaari Picture Aahe !! -->> @Riteishd @TusshKapoor kya super kool hai hum
        
Prathamesh_04:
          watched Kyaa Super COoL haI hUm.......!!!!!!
Awesome Movie.........!!!!!!
Must WAtcH...!!!
        
prashom2012:
          Kya super kool hai hum is MACHO movie......wat a cool movie..
        
prajyotm:
          #KSKHH is a nice movie.Tusshar has missed comic timing. Story is fine, but I feel scope of more humor could have been more. I would say 3/5
        
ParthThe13th:
          #KSKHH was a laugh riot :D & #TussharKapoor was like Shit, no acting at all, @ShashankPandey yaad aa gaya mujhe :P
        
Parmimehta:
          'Kya Super Kool hai hum'... Amazing fun.... every dialogue has a double meaning... lol... :))) Full paisa wasool
        
PalBimal:
          #LetMyIndiaAwake We need more movies like #KSKHH *Seriously! at least double meaning jokes will get boost
        
OnkarSangekar:
          #KSKHH a gud n extremely [email protected]  Comedy timings perfect..Enjyd the muvie wid frnds..Funny Sunday!!!!
        
Nizzchal:
          Saw Kya Super Kool Hai Hum ,it was deadly hilarious i was really LMAO
        
Nilzrav:
          #KSKHH-Entertaining,Mind Freaking,Full of double meaning jokes(makes u hide ur face) NO story whatsoever & NO comparison to KKHH. But a HIT.
        
NikitaChetan:
          guys watch the movie kya super kool hai hum such a awesome one
        
NickOutArora:
          Saw @KSKHH @superkooltweets  yesterday... superb @Riteishd @TusshKapoor and #AnupamKher
        
mukunda_mp:
          "Kya Super Kool Hai Hum" An awesome super cool movie....enjoyed a lot
        
mrjaysinha:
          India has launched its first 70 MM Visual Non Veg Jokes Dictionary called " Kya Super Kool Hai Hum"
Nice one..............
        
MoreDivya:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum is just soooooper cool :D :D Full on entertainer :D still laughing @Riteishd @TusshKapoor ;)
        
mmustafaghani:
          KSKHH is hilarious!
        
MJ_Gurung:
          there is no dout that #KSKHH is a good [email protected] and @tusshkapoor are too good in the movie.
        
mehtazeel:
          kyaa super kool hain hum....
full on comedy movie......
        
mak3173:
          Anupam kher sir ur superb in kskhh... maa meri pyari maa... haha
        
M1RAAJ:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum, #ThingsThatReallyTurnMeOn!!! #Thumbsup To @EkmainaurEktu7 @TusshKapoor @Riteishd @tanuj_garg
        
m005em4n:
          #kskhh was a laugh riot...loved it @Riteishd @TusshKapoor
        
LOCHAthefilm:
          #KSKHH - supercool, super funny, super hilarious.. must watch movie.. laughed like hell..
        
Khan220Asad:
          Just watch "kya super kool hai hum" new indian movie fantastic and full comedy movie u must watch it.
        
KedarAnnam:
          today watched KYA SUPER KOOL HAI HUM....
it was a full on timepass movie...
n amazing thing of movie was the Dog FAKRU......
        
Jignesh2082:
          Guys, kya super KOOL hai hum...! Realy funy adult comedy movi...they realy super cool. . .specialy ritesh was superb.
        
its_Saiyesh:
          Kya super kool hai hum- A movie full of double meanings...nasty comedy with almost no story...nt a single dull moment in d muvi..!!
        
Insane_Insaaan:
          Kya super kool hai hum has some nice punches. Socially awakening and personally arousing. :-P
        
hyndav:
          Morning show of Kya super kool hai hum... Loved it!
        
HrithikIsMyLife:
          kya super kool hai hum was juz FAADU movie, d entire movie is filled wid adukt comedy and njoied everybit of it :D
        
HiteshSahoo:
          "Morning shows d day" watchd KSKHH 2day mrng. I hav seen in all d 3 days of weekend @Riteishd @TusshKapoor hats off 2 u.
        
hasingh84:
          #KSKHH I just watched KSKHH.....its really funny. I really enjoyed it. Funniest movie of year!!!
        
harshdhandhukia:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum... good entertainment....  must watch movie....
        
Girish212:
          Kya super kool hai hum.. Reali super kooool!! ;)
        
fairaazk:
          Watched all three films 1 by 1. @KSKHH @COCKTAIL @BOLBACHHAN.
And MY award for BEST MOVIE Goes to Kya Super Køøl Hai Hum.
        
FahadWani14:
          #Funtastic - Kya super kool hai hum :-)
        
fahad164:
          KSKHH , wikkid movie :p a creative master piece !
        
EvilDeadInsane:
          Saw TDKR and KSKHH last weekend.Sheer awesomeness followed by laughter riot.
        
DieHardPankha:
          #KSKHH is hilariously shit comedy. The dialogues are shit funny with double meanings. Dil-do Ra Re Dola Re Dola.
        
DeepanshiV:
          KSKHH ...awsum mve..guyss must wtch it... mind blasting comedy.... 
lv u ritesh..
        
Chirags1106:
          Watched #KSKHH super funny film great entertainment. @riteishd great job, all I can say is go watch the film and laugh your hearts out.
        
Bleed_Blue007:
          Watchin Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum must see who have dirty minds:P:D
        
BhargavManek:
          enjoyed kya super kool hai hum 2nd time @TusshKapoor @Riteishd @geneliad
        
bhargav2257:
          Kya super kool hai hum .
very cool movies 
rock's
        
ashpathak1989:
          kya super kool hai hum
kind of american pie movies...
full of double meaning and adult jokes.....
well.........I enjoyed it...
        
ashley0007:
          Kya super kool hai hum is  really supercool an awesome rofl
        
anukul00:
          Laugh riot #KSKHH..
        
anilsasi_jcfan:
          Watch Kya super Kool hai hum...
for non stop laughter...
        
amitnimade:
          Alt Entertainment's KYAA SUPER KOOL HAIN HUM has embarked on a great start, the best ever for Riteish and Tusshar. ...  #Bollywood #News
        
ameybhangi:
          Watched #KSKHH yest. Over d top yet fun film. Please leave ur brains at home...
        
akasha2z:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum.... Nice movie..
        
AdarshRavi92:
          I saw the movie kya super kool hai hum today and its fun however there's no plot or anything and that was the drawback i'll rate it 6.5/10
        
abhi_tweetin:
          Kya Super KOOL Hai Hum...- tittle suits the movie...awesome comedy loved it...:-P;-)
Sakru was the BEST \m/
        
abhishekjairth:
          Kyaa super cool hai hum is awesom
        
abhiarora22:
          #kskhh No story.. Great Comedy..
Well Done @Riteishd ..
        
vikramsinhnaik:
          #KSKHH hs a pun filled joke in every sentence..Drags towards end..Bad Story bt enuf funny to leave u in splits..Craptastic
        
sunilnitk:
          Totally double meaning dialogues of #KSKHH makes d environment little bit enjoyful #OneTimeMovie.
        
shailjais:
          Watched kya super kool hai hum...
U can say 3 stars out of 5... ;)
        
Samruddhas:
          A nice adult comedy - Kya Super kool hai hum...one time watch for sure
        
rocking0099:
          'kya super kool hai hum ' is an average movie..with lots of sex jokes...but film is just a little streched.
        
RDHSir:
          I think #KSKHH is not very Good but not Bad too...its #[email protected] @riteishd
        
KrisRadioApnaNZ:
          'Kya super kool hai hum' not so cool film. . .good in parts. 'Mean' jokes. Expected more! ha ha
        
aman29kumar:
          #kskhh @Riteishd    my review , no story , somewhere creepy comedy but watchable ....
        
akSahu:
          watched "Kya super kool hai hum". ok ok movie. don't waste money in  theaters.
        
vivek_mogal:
          Bol bachan and Kya super kool hai hum are the movies why i am hating and hating bollywood... total crap...
        
vidzi_m:
          kya super kool hai hum was a dissapointment...
        
urs_nikk:
          kya super kool hai hum.....yaakk thuuu....
        
thekaranbhatia:
          Kya Super Chutiye Ho Tum if u liked #KSKHH
        
SunnyOnHunt:
          kya super kool hai hum was boring
        
sourabhwaychal:
          Kya super kool hai hum....not much funny..
        
SillyKunal:
          Kya super kool hai hum...
Bored me out....
I wud rate it 2/5
        
saubiee:
          The story of Kya Super Kool Hai Hum ... The Audience Dies in the End
        
Rohit66KUMAR:
          maine kal rat ko kya super kool hai hum ek dam wahiyat film thi but mat dekhe bhai puri baker film hai
        
Rakshitrj:
          Just watched #KSKHH... Even the dogs acted better than #TusharKapoor...#Mindfucked
        
praveen_bable:
          Kya super kool hai hum....realy sucks.plz dnt go 2 wtch tht flick..
        
Pr4nJ4L:
          If I had a penny for every time I laughed during Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum , I’d be able to afford an Asprin I so badly need.
        
NavinBajaj:
          Those who can sit through an entire show of KSKHH should be paid Rs 1000 each by the producers. Don't waste your time on this utter crap.
        
NautankiNari:
          'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum' super flop movie wid cringeworthy humor #EpicFail
        
nand_kapadia:
          If someone pays you still don't go for Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum. Sucks big time. #forced by @mihirchoksi67
        
MaaNey:
          In the movie Reteish says "Hum ordinary film ke hero hain"! He is right, nothing extraordinary about KSKHH, infact below ordinary.
        
lavybuoy:
          #kskhh bakwaas
        
kris1983_prasad:
          Wow,what a drab KSKHH is! Absolute waste of money. nthng to brag about or recommend anybody to watch UNLESS there is hatred towards someone!
        
kk07:
          I was hoping I'd like KSKHH but it just wan't funny.  Part one was MUCH funnier!
        
karaninuae:
          Kya super kool hai hum is 3 hours of my life wasted. Could have used it rather to get an enema. That would have been well spent
        
justmyman:
          Avoid Kya Super Kool Hai Hum at all costs!
        
JhaSanjay:
          I believe KSKHH is utter crap. Why don't we make funny films like Lock Stock and 2 Smoking Barrels, A Fish called Wanda and Hangover??
        
JennyJaimison:
          'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum' Review: Sheer absence of entertainment!: every one who watched the movie said its amazing if u old dumb asse...
        
jatin_gala:
          'Kyaa super kool hain hum' big disaster.. Full of old one liner jokes with no story and no performances.. Surely must avoid movie!!
        
ItsKayhan:
          #KSKHH ha ha as expected just one star,Ekta kapoor overcooked non-vegetarian wisecracks an absurd movie #Thumbsdown
        
IdiOt_B:
          Saalon ne movie me joke nahi daale, Ek ek joke daal kar movie banai hai. Chutiye #KSKHH naam kharab kiya #KKHH Ka.
        
hardik_hangover:
          There is nothng so cool abt kya super kool hai hum
        
hardikmsu:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum is super-sad movie
        
DonyaPatel:
          Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum Uncool show of tasteless humour bad acting http://dlvr.it/1wKsPZ #Celebrity #India
        
disha_chirpy88:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum....a Complete Disaster...Not A Single Punch Cud Tickle My Laughing Bone...#straightface...Wot a Waste
        
chewthis:
          KSKHH humor would have been loved by 10-17 yr olds. Sadly, it is an Adult movie. And so we suffer.
        
Caleboid:
          #KSKHH seems to filled with old sms jokes.
        
BazingaBugz:
          #KSKHH dialog - scene ka kerosene ban gaya.. @BazingaBugz says yehi kerosene is movie pe daalke jala do
        
Ays_akanksha:
          "Kya Super kool hai hum" Goes Flop!
        
AvinashY:
          Kya Super Kool Hai Hum sadly fails in it's trial of being Super Funny! The dialogues shown in the Adverts were... http://fb.me/239SZBuEq

ArchanaDalmia:
          Kya super (kool) Krude hain hum....what a super bakwas movie....never seen such brain dead nonsense....#KSKHH
        
amitjain123:
          With cheap vulgar dialogues for 180 minutes, KSKHH is definitely not a movie to be proud of,we are spoiling the kids in the name of fun.SICK
        
AKulchandani:
          The most shittiest movie ever- Kya Super Kool Hai Hum!! Urrghh!!
        
abhaykapur:
          KSKHH# the most stupid movie ever....
        
          10 readers
          -
          6 yays
0 so-so
4 nays

            Not Interested in Watching,
            by guddu
: it's not my taste

            Want to Watch,
            by mandar mirajkar

            Want to Watch,
            by New Punjabi Movies
: Nice

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by annuraag
: 90

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Deepesh
: It's an adult comedy with lots of giggles and laughs,with a good music.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Manuel Neuer
: nice movie

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by MoviezAdda
: Kya Super Kool Hain Hum Review: Super-Duper Kool!

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by New Punjabi Movies

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Rustam
: I want it to be like "Kya Kool hain hun"

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by bollywood
: 100

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by Bored_like_hell
: Kya cool hain hum (old version)was much better. Luks lik dis new 1 was made jst 4 d heck of it.

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by nikhil

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by Pitour Saldanha
: sick and perverted movie, which does not respect religious sentiments
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Well, I am glad atleast someone shares my sentiments about the 'Kya Kool Hain Hum' watching experience.It seemed I was the only one so appalled by it, coz everyone else around me (barring Critics ofcourse :P :P) found all of it very funny and all.@Harsh I remember this prudish friend of mine from college describe certain scenes from the film in such detail and laughing her heart out while doing so, that I got tempted into watching it. Yep, I curse her till date.This is very cool film!The first installment belonged to the american newly evolved genre of Van Wilder & American Pie . Having ingredients of profanity , nude free spirited independent people and all that which was considered to be offensive. The trailers indicates it will be following the same foot steps. Although i hate dis genre but when presented in a logical nd reasonable way , i am contended (Scary Movie).@guddu somehow i get the feeling it is a bit too much to ask of this one though, no?Very unfair remark on one of the nicely made film, much better than any Akshay kumar comedy in recent time. I know, it has all the cheesy moments and dialogues, but wasn't it the purpose and I can say purpose was well served. I enjoy KKHH every time I watch it.I feel d same way Meetu , i don't either feel gratified when some ridiculous , unlogical instances makes me laugh . It feels as if i am a non sense . But as the movie was intended to please d masala audience , i don't feel surprised with your reviews . This review of urs falls under most hated film.  lol for what u wrote about concept : Huh . :Dsorry,I don't approve of you.The movie was intended to make an adult comedy and this is.I really enjoyed the movie til the last scene.No doubt it is better than the last one.In my opinion it is worth watch.Ekta Kapoor is back with her adult magic, and looks like she had indeed served what was expected from the film. It’s a one big rollercoaster ride and a super dosage of entertainment, adult jokes, slapstick humor and crazy sequences. The movie acts as a complete 'de-stressing' product because of its Super-Duper Kool madcap, wild, bizarre and illogical entertainment.what a awesome moiveThe Raja Sen review link doesn't redirect to the correct link (Rediff). Please do check.oops! Thanks Harsh for pointing out. Fixed.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None really, unless you count violation of the senses.
Language: Loads of innuendos
Nudity & Sexual content: Lost of skin show of both genders and dogs. 
Concept: Huh?
General Look and Feel: Bright, loud, energetic. Juvenile and regressive too.


