
wogma rating: The keen should rent; else TV/online (?)
Inkaar has great, rusty-yet-chic atmosphere and good performances. But, the story cheats on itself in the last half hour. And right behind a Vishal Bharadwaj film, we have a Sudhir Mishra film. And judging by the temperament in the country a couple of weeks ago, it is topical and treading a very dangerous line too. Sexual harrassment in the corporate world is no new news, but I'd think Inkaar is one of the very few Hindi films being made about it. The only one I remember is the crass Hello Darling. Inkaar's trailer shows there is a lot of meat in terms of office politics. Chitangradha Singh gets to play a seductress and possibly an opportunist. Arjun Rampal seems to play the victim here,  but of course the stage is set perfectly balanced between his work against hers. I am hoping for some great court room drama. There aren't too many music reviews out there, but hopefully it will be as good as music from any other Sudhir Mishra film. Music Reviews:
Bollyspice - "2.5/5"  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  On the surface, Inkaar is a story about sexual harassment in the workplace. But a layer under, it is about the inability of ambitious people coming to terms with their feelings, about how they use all resources available at their disposal to mask their complexes (superior and inferior) and insecurities. Does she really, truly believe she is being harassed? Are the devils in her mind perceiving casual flirtation as harassment? Is he flirting only casually? Does he not realise he is trying to evoke something deeper within her? Lovely, murky, gray areas. All rendered redundant by a climax that stands awesome by itself but loses its meaning and makes the film lose face in the context of the film. To do that to a story that broaches a serious abuse rampant in current times is belittling the issue. But, hey should we hold our directors responsible for taking on social agendas? So, if we take away the responsibility Inkaar makes for an interesting watch till about the last half hour and the last half hour is interesting by itself. It's the fact that they are put together that spoils the taste.The interest is built and maintained though by all departments. I have always liked the atmosphere Sudhir Mishra creates in his films. They are either set in the rural parts of India or they show the grit of the urban world (except Khoya Khoya Chand which was set in an era long past). Inkaar requires him to stay in the chic world of the cities today and I liked the sepia tone he chose for the film, giving it a dark, edgy feel. Though I don't associate brown with the corporate world. Yet, the camera work contributes to the highly strung atmosphere in the office of an advertising agency. However, the music, though good, seems out of place for the setting.Also, the back and forth in the story's linearity feels like a cop out. As if the makers weren't confident of pulling it off had it played out linearly. Fortunately, some of the dialogue is good and is even cheeky at times - bringing in the smiles and knowing nods. I especially enjoyed Arjun Rampal's performance. He brings in the perfect amount of nonchalance to Rahul Verma's demeanour - the kind that a calm, confident man would carry to make you believe that he is not in the wrong. Chitrangda Singh does nothing special except that she looks chic and just right for her part. I absolutely loved Deepti Naval's act - charming, witty, naughty and curious all rolled into one. It's a shame that ultimately her character seems like a cog in the wheel. Yet, another film where the makers seem to not want to take the concept all the way. Why not make it all about the 'sexual harassment'? Why not make it all about what it really wanted to be about - the part that I cannot give away? Why oh why, lessen the weight of the issue or the depth of emotions? 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      41 reviewers(?)
      -
      8 yays
11 so-so
22 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Subhash K Jha (IANS), 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...Arjun, in fact, grows better with each film, so much so that nowadays a film featuring him is an assurance of innovative aesthetics. Here, he sinks into the part of the part-mentor part-tormentor with impassioned familiarity....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Prathmesh Jadhav, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...Mishra takes you back and forth as he narrates a beautifully layered story with clinical precision and incredible tautness....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rony D'Costa, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ... Chitragandha Singh walks shoulder to shoulder with him but her performance doesn’t convey the different emotions the character is going through ....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Visually Appealing And Thought Provoking Fare
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Aakash Barvalia, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...The concept was unusual and something different, whereas the screenplay was equally impressive....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by K N GUpta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ...Sudhir Mishra's well-crafted story and direction deserve applaud...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rumanna Ahmed, 
        
          
             yahoo! India
          :
        
        ...Chitrangda looks and acts sharp, it’s a pleasure to watch Vipin Sharma, Deepti Naval and Kanwaljeet on the big screen after quite a while...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Ananya Bhattacharya, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...Shantanu Moitra’s music has that marvellous uncanny tendency to linger on in the memory, long after one is done with watching the film. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...INKAAR is a tough film to make and one must compliment Sudhir Mishra for sticking his neck out. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Khalid Mohamed, 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Toss a coin. Heads you go for 'Inkaar.' Tails, watch TV....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...Dipti Naval is brilliant in her small but important role....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...It’s an intriguing premise and Mishra sets it up well....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Swati Deogire, 
        
          
             In.com
          :
        
        ...Make watching it your weekend's Plan B....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...Impressively, the script tries setting up the drama without going over the top. The subject of sexual harassment can easily reel under melodrama. Inkaar mostly manages to keep every plot twist within the frame of realism....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Gaurav Malani, 
        
          
             indiatimes
          :
        
        ...Thankfully, despite a contentious theme, Sudhir Mishra smartly steers away from melodrama throughout. The showdown between Rahul and Maya when they are at loggerheads is as much real as the intimacy between them when they are in love....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Saibal Chaterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...The film leaves the audience wondering until moments before the climax. And then what happens is a complete letdown....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Music by Shantanu Moitra is very creatively composed and is completely in sync with the film. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Anuj Kumar, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...His characters are not cardboard cut-outs; they react to ground realities and not according to popular taste....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Srijana Mitra Das, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...You know those cakes that look gorgeous in pictures but collapse when they bake? Inkaar is like that...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Anna Vetticad, 
        
          
             annavetticadgoes2themovies 
          :
        
        ...No thank you, Sudhir Mishra! Seriously, no thank you!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Baradwaj Rangan, 
        
          
             Blogical Conclusion, The New Sunday Express
          :
        
        ...Part of the problem may be the fairly one-note performances by the leads, who remain aloof throughout....And the men aren’t as well-drawn as the women....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...at times its really hard to believe that its a Sudhir Mishra film when you are shown a melodramatic father teaching his kid in the flashback, a mother whispering a strange suggestion in her daughter’s ears, Saurabh Shukla playing a weird singer in a song and a track with lyrics “Maula Tu Maalik Hai, Allah Tu Maalik Hai” running in the background of an intense bed-room scene? ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shalu Dhyani, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...It didn’t help that both Arjun and Chitrangadha were such boring performers that it was a relief whenever the focus shiftedto the side characters. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             cinemaah
          :
        
        ...Workplace harassment and discrimination against women—both professional and social— are serious issues and needed a better thought out film, than a crude Madhur Bhandarkar story with intellectual pretensions.  ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Ankur Pathak, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...In these staunchly restrictive roles, it helps that Rampal and Chitrangada share a genuinely strong equation which makes us worry about both of them. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Aniruddha Guha, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...Chitrangada Singh, on the other hand, continues to display her lack of acting talent, one that seemed promising at one point but which has gotten progressively worse....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...What works is the chemistry between Arjun Rampal and Chitrangda Singh. Not just their individual performances but their love-hate relationship drives the drama of Inkaar...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Ravina Rawal, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...So should this be something you watch this week? Only if you’ve caught everything else at the theatre....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...But once you see the film you realise it’s all pre-release tripe that media-mongers bought into just a little too easily for comfort. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...Nothing can equal the soundtrack of Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi, but Shantanu Moitra does a decent job. Papon's bass voice will wake you up just when you lose interest. The placement of the songs is a little erratic, though....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...It isn't enough that the lens caresses Chitrangada's lips or lingers over Arjun's bespectacled eyes, but we're even treated to jarring close-ups of lesser attractive actors' faces and flaring nostrils. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Fatema H Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...While the film’s attempt at carving out an engaging narrative are interesting, its pulse of its characters, story or the subject itself is way off the mark. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shubra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...‘Inkaar could have been truly radical. But it becomes a film that prefers to cop out, rather than deliver on the promise it held out so bravely in its initial passages. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Roshni Devi, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Deepti Naval makes an honest effort, but she looks so lost and confused that’s it’s a wonder that she’s called out to help a sexually harassed official....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sanjukta Sharma, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        ... A lot is said, not shown, and two different points of view of the same incidents are narrated. It’s a boring and uninspired structure, where every point of view has a literal rendering...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Janhavi Samant, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...Deepti Naval is completely wasted while the rest are just stock characters....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sukanya Verma, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...The upshot is a climax so moronic, it's easily one of the worst I've seen in recent times.  ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shilpa Jamkhandikar, 
        
          
             Reuters
          :
        
        ...Arjun Rampal drawls, grins lopsidedly and plays the charming, worldly-wise CEO to the hilt....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...The very talky film will disappoint those who, led by the promos, came to the film looking for titillation. On the other hand, those looking for an arresting drama that seriously explores sexual harassment will also be unhappy....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Roshmila Bhattacharya, 
        
          
             Star Blockbuster
          :
        
        ...From too many clichés to too few cinematic moments.......

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by The ThirdMan, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...Different interpretations of what really happened, exploring how relative truth can be depending on how it is seen don't quite come off - for that stick to Kurosawa's masterpiece Rashomon...

            full review
          

          233 tweeters(?)
          -
          143 yays
28 so-so
62 nays

xaviersumit:
          Eye Infected.. Still was excited to watch Inkaar.. Sudheer Mishra superb work.. ★
        
WhilerWhoWhiles:
          Watched Inkaar... A very good movie... @rampalarjun's screen presence is just great.. :-)
        
VIKASMASTY:
          Liked the movie Inkaar, powerful performance, nicely directed, strong script, Arjun n chitrangada wer brilliant..
        
vedanggoyal:
          Hard to INKAAR Chitrangda Singh..!! Good subject demonstrated...!!
        
varun_hii:
          Inkaar was great movie.... Both looking stunning
        
varun_doshi:
          Nailed it with #inkaar powerful performances from both d leads @rampalarjun @IChitrangda just loved d film :-)
        
utpalvaishnav:
          Watched #Inkaar today. Out-of-box story. Well said. Very good act by @rampalarjun and @chitrangadasing
        
utkarshgupta14:
          INKAAR an awesome movie!! @IChitrangda and @rampalarjun brilliance personified!!
        
upasnaghai:
          Watched inkaar ..good stuff enjoyed it thoroughly @rampalarjun at his best .. Superb performance by him "clap clap clap"
        
umangarora_:
          What a phenomenal act by Arjun n Chitra.. Good topic. Nicely executed! #Inkaar
        
udaysachinist:
          Inkaar : A masterpiece! We need more directors like Sudhir Mishra! Tragedy that he has directed just 20 of films to date!!
        
Tej_launda:
          Inkaar is an awesome movie @rampalarjun ..didnt lost the hold on story at any point. Great acting by both..
        
talash_within:
          saw inkaar.a bit confused but a good watch.
        
Spike_ace:
          #inkaar is a good movie. Loved how the tension and drama is kept throughout the movie. Not for ppl who want escapist fare in their movies.
        
SounabSar:
          Watched INKAAR today !
very good script but , poor and slow direction .
i was Almost alone in the whole theatre !
bt , the concept is v.good
        
sougata_singha:
          Good concept , nice msg ....
#inkaar
        
SomyaSaxena:
          #inkaar was good! Sudhir Mishra never fails to make his films interesting
        
Sk1711:
          #inkaar - wonderful depiction of modern day love
        
Simran25031999:
          Wow !! Inkaar jus rocks...!!Gud work Arjun :-)8
        
siddharthaalam:
          There are movies that get you to the edge of your seats, this one brings you to that of ur mind! #Inkaar is worth every penny! Watch It :)
        
shumaila_abidi:
          Inkaar nice & different from the usual love stories...
        
shrutiarora:
          A beautiful portrayal of love, lust n ambitions #Inkaar
        
shreegod:
          Reviews getting it all wrong - inkaar is worth a watch
        
Shoumili:
          Really really loved #Inkaar!
        
shiwangster:
          Bored with the conventional Bollywood romantic drama? Go watch #Inkaar Awesome direction and beautiful screenplay!
        
ShivnathGawde:
          Pls dekho but INKAAR mat karo......***1/5 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=111399912&l;=ca0812a3c6&id;=100000597656099

ShauzabKhanSam:
          #inkaar superb film n brilliant screenplay n performance
        
saureign:
          Inkaar is good. Engaging storytelling, nice acting & loads of close-ups of Chitrangda. #Win
        
Sane_Shalini:
          INKAAR a must watch.
        
sandeepmarwaha:
          Inkaar...excellent movie !
        
SaloneeKhosla:
          Inkaar : Amazing  film! It kick started the year in the right spirit of Bollywood! @rampalarjun @IChitrangda ..Excellent acting #MustWatch
        
sairajeshwari:
          a must watch  http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2013/01/18/review-round-up-inkaar-is-acceptable/

saginav:
          Take a bow Sudhir Mishra,  Inkaar - a beautiful sketch on love in times of ambitions (y) ..U pulled it off again after #Yeh Saali Zindagi
        
S100rab:
          #Inkaar Great work! A must watch! Great intensity.... Thrilled.. Refreshed!
        
rpki:
          Inkaar has the complexity of agency relationship politics and the simple happy ending of a hindi movie. Watch if u like serious heavy flicks
        
Rjkartik:
          It was a lovely weekend!! Enjoyed INKAAR.. Awesome performance by @rampalarjun A Must watch!!
        
Rishi:
          Saw #Inkaar today. Nice direction and cinematography. But weak ending. Good work, Sudhir Misra.
        
RaviThoughts:
          After a long time such nice & heart touching story with superb performance #Inkaar hats off to @rampalarjun #Chitrangada & #SudhirMishra
        
RaunaqBajaj:
          Inkaar; nice movie. Although its extremely mentally taxing, especially if you just got back from #Goa
        
Rammohantweets:
          It's a good movie #Inkaar!
        
Rajj4321:
          Inkaar is nice movie. Arjun Rampal and Chitraganda acting is superb. I love her..
        
rahul_07:
          Just saw #Inkaar @rampalarjun at his best..good movie :-)
        
PxDx:
          I did and liked it thoroughly RT @BucketheadCase: Tumne movie dekhi Inkaar? | Nahi. In the movie theatre. #sorry
        
pushkaraj7:
          Saw #Inkaar today. What super acting by Arjun Rampal & Chitrangda Singh.  #MustWatch if you work in corporate. loved the story
        
Punar08:
          #inkaar good movie! interesting subject too. Chitrangada looks amazing! :*
        
priyeshtongia:
          #inkaar ko inkaar nahi kiya ja sakta
        
preetibh_91:
          #Inkaar awesome movie.. A face-off vid d reality behind d succesful #Corporate careers
        
Pleasure_Dlayer:
          #INKAAR is awesome, Chitrangada is hot and people who always criticise about Arjunrampal's expressions are dickheads.
        
pathfynderblogs:
          Movie review Inkaar : Good movie with some great direction and acting. However what stands out is the editing and... https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=1732075&l;=e441a5345b&id;=171698472852843

OWomaniya:
          Good movie. I liked it. Did you? RT "@RJADITI: Time to watch #Inkaar"
        
nkumar_:
          Inkaar is definitely not traditional film based on sexual harassment, has its weakness but keeps it high due to both lead actors. Well done
        
NishantMishra_:
          i guess its not just abt the advertising world. It echoes the dark sentiments in every industry..#inkaar does leave u with somethn to ponder
        
nilesh14:
          #Inkaar brilliant film AR has done a fab job! @afsarzaidi
        
niksy05:
          Inkaar..good attempt. .arjun was awesome. .
        
NikkiUpadhyay:
          So Inkaar was a well written movie. However the performances made the story fall flat. 2 actors who can't act to save their lives. Sigh!
        
Nihal_1989:
          #Inkaar is a gripping movie..superb chemistry between leads! Arjun and Chitrangda look a million bucks!
        
nickhieljain:
          inkaar :D good work sir sudhir
        
Nehasupnfan:
          #Inkaar is a good movie! :-) I liked it!
        
namankreative:
          Ambition/Greed | Trust/Betrayal all @#Inkaar nice movie
        
MukulRanjanIND:
          Inkaar, a movie with substance ! A must watch !! Chitragandha is hot as usual. Arjun has matched Shahrukh's acting and style !!! Story 9/10
        
Mrug_S:
          Inkaar......jst dnt miss watchin itt.....
        
MihirBijur:
          Inkaar is definitely worth a watch.
        
meSalmanSajid:
          Arjun Rampal rocks on with 'Inkaar' The movie is fast, taut & intriguing. Could have potential takeaways for youngsters. Not to be refused.
        
mehak20chawla:
          #Inkaar is one brilliantly made movie. Actors justified their respective roles out rightly. Special mention @rampalarjun thumbs up!
        
mayankKumar1991:
          Inkaar: Different thought, May be Tough to understand for lay man bt very effective presentation of Corporate culture. Impressed.
        
maximaminima:
          So a good watch overall! Quite liked Inkaar! Good stuff from Sudhir Mishra once again after Yeh Saali Zindagi. Guptaji was the coolest ;)
        
MarinaWildCat:
          #Inkaar Beautiful film. @rampalarjun act Marvellous n their pair rocked.
        
Lalit_h:
          'Inkaar' Is it advances, harassmt or POWERplay or gud intents, admiration or just miscommunication. Use ur heart or let lady lead.Gud flick!
        
Kutti_Janaani:
          #Inkaar A Must Watch
        
kunalsampats:
          Inkaar was intense. Liked it. End was unexpected
        
kunalkumar10:
          saw INKAAR.......nice movie...USP was chitrangada singh....
        
KrutiNathwani:
          Just saw Inkaar. Good movie. #IChitrangda and #rampalarjun whhatt a HOT pair! :O
        
kc4045:
          Inkaar is a good movie. Had a great time with friends :) #bollywood #hangout
        
kavi_ta_gupta:
          inkaar...liked it...good performances by arjun and chitrangada.....
        
Kaushikz:
          Gals,go watch it.....
Inkaar
        
kartikbeat:
          I loved Too :) RT"@jhootha_hi_sahi: Inkaar : Awesome movie,don’t know about others but I loved it :)"
        
KaranAhuja73:
          The office politics gets ugly indeed!! Awesome piece of work! Respect for @rampalarjun cheers to #Inkaar !! God bless @rampalarjun
        
juhishah88:
          Inkaar ws a gud one.
        
jisoni:
          #inkaar a movie on sexual harassment in offices. Very well made. @ Inox http://instagr.am/p/UthsXGoyyW/

jhootha_hi_sahi:
          Inkaar : Awesome movie,don’t know about others but I loved it :)
        
JaydeepMistry:
          Watched Inkaar...liked it! :)
        
jayantsjy:
          inkaar is a fantastic movie arjun rampal rocks
        
JaideepSingh8:
          Great work by arjun nd chitrangda in INKAAR great movie....!!
        
i_vikrm:
          Stunning @IChitrangda .... Guys a superb movie, must watch for its direction n a mindblowing performance from the leads. Way to go #Inkaar
        
itsaditya1:
          Watched #Inkaar @rampalarjun at his best. Liked the way of story telling.
        
IshitaPrakash09:
          Inkaar.. Good watch!!
        
ishahbaazk:
          Arjun Rampal Shines in Inkaar , Watch this film for Arjun Rampal’s performance and Sudhir Mishra’s unquestionable mastery over his craft .
        
iN3IL:
          Watched Inkaar - Good movie but dnt think its meant for ppl who are NOT in advertising field.
        
imvabb:
          #Inkaar m liking this concept ! An intelligent idea .. A reality ! Silence creates miles b/w hearts ! When insecurities , egos clash !
        
IdiOt_B:
          I just Love The Movie #Inkaar .... NH3 Saharanpur 250 KMS. Good One  @IAmSudhirMishra Ji
        
iam_ashish:
          my review of #Inkaar is -good movie, strong performances, spoiled ending. Note: Iam not official critic! Saw it today!
        
IAdarshKaul:
          ya sure @MyHyness it's a paisa vasul muvi.. #donotmiss 2 watch #inkaar it's sharp, innovative, thought-provoking muvi
        
h0tSPR1NG:
          #Inkaar = No compromise in telling the truth through cinema. Truly a gutsy script by Sudhir Mishra!!
        
grihaatul:
          A great great day! A beautiful session of Dastangoi #Mantoiyat , a good film #Inkaar..n lots f food! #fish #prawns *slurp* Bday well spent!
        
gauravrohatgi_:
          Inkaar - Good watch!
        
gaugujarathi:
          Watched #Inkaar today...Well done Mr. @rampalarjun ...Outstanding performance by both...Super Sunday Paisa Vasool....!!!!
        
GAGANUPPAL9:
          There is very thin line between Flirting & harassment #Inkaar Guys be careful. Good way 2 mk people aware abt consequences of small actions
        
franklyaman:
          Inkaar over. All I remember was Chitrangada in tge film. I'll watch it again.
        
follow_Monis:
          Inkaar : A good movie to watch. Very thin line between love, affection and harassment.
        
Flying_Fish10:
          Chitrangada is hot, but Arjun Rampal is hotter plus he can act! Definitely worth a watch #Inkaar
        
FinalTheory:
          Inkaar lovely movie!! must watch!!
        
dhvani_shah:
          Inkaar has a very different thought, effective presentation of Corporate culture. The world of Love, lust n ambitions. Impressed.
        
deciphered_lord:
          Lets not say Inkaar to #Inkaar... it was a delight to watch
        
CulinaryMuse1:
          Every person who has worked in an agency ever should wat #inkaar sorts the office mess in ur head!
        
cinema_verde:
          ,@IChitrangda Inkaar was FANTABULOUS with such powerpacked yet restrained performance by u & @rampalarjun. Thanks 4 whipping such movies .
        
choco_neha:
          Just saw #Inkaar now..And it's an amazing movie...just so gripping...
And the acting was just tremendous..
        
chickoo_chirag:
          #inkaar liked this concept ! A reality ! Silence creates miles between hearts ! When egos clash. Nice watch
        
ChatterjiAmrita:
          I preferred #inkaar  to #MKBKM. Singh is such a powerful performer ... kudos! #bollywood
        
chalu_chokri:
          Man! I loved #Inkaar! Chitrangada was hot and so was Arjun.. Supppperb! :D
        
Chai_tree:
          Inkaar , is a must watch movie ... specially for those who are in to this corp marathon ...
        
carryonpd:
          Gr8 to watch brilliantly made film 'Inkaar' by Sudhir Mishra. Superb nd such a realistic portrayal. Amazing performance by Arjun Rampal.
        
ButWhaiGodWhai:
          #Inkaar- different movie, a little slow paced, but I liked it. Arjun Rampal, you matched up to Chitrangada! <3
        
bose_anushka:
          Inkaar was awesome. @ArjunRampalFC \m/
        
bollywood_metro:
          '#Inkaar': riveting treatise on gender equations - Movie Review - "Khamoshiyan awaaz hain labzon mein bass... http://bollywoodmetro.com/reviews/inkaar-riveting-treatise-on-gender-equations-movie-review/ #featured
        
BHANDARKAR_S:
          INKAAR - finally ended IN CAR.
Well..superb acting by Arjun Rampal. Good strory. Keeps u ON till d end. A Must watch.
        
beingniksahuja:
          at inkaar #arjunrampal can act !! nice direction !!
        
BeingLagna:
          #Inkaar liked it
        
banke_laal:
          of the 4 movies i saw in 2013 #inkaar happens to b d bst; though a bit sluggish, nd many glitches d movie at least happens to b different
        
azeem2112:
          Superb film #Inkaar loved it
        
awesomearnav:
          Inkaar - fabulous movie ... Loved Arjun Rampals character and obviously Chitrangadaaaa :)
        
Ashok_kmr19:
          "Inkaar" would like to watch it again. Awesome!! After long time a good movie.
thanks  Mr. sudhir mishra And Arjun rampal.
        
asha_p_pillai:
          Inkaar was so worth the watch on the big screen.. So much more of @rampalarjun
        
arin_debnath:
          The performance is gr8. A must watch #inkaar @rampalarjun
        
arijit_rkr:
          True movie lovers jst don't give  INKAAR a miss.. I am thinking for the next show as well..

# Sudhir Mishra & team take a bow from me
        
anusharao07:
          Provoked my mind! #Inkaar @IChitrangda great job!! You n arjun rampal got the best chemistry! Pls do more movies togetherr !
        
annudewan:
          #inkaar awesome [email protected] superb in every role...just loved d movie..2013's firSt must watch movie !!
        
Ankit_Hiring:
          Inkaar...Amazingly made film! Relevant subject and @rampalarjun @IChitrangdaSingh acting=excellence
        
AnkitOjha:
          #Inkaar: Star Rating: 03.50 / 05.00

A well-made film about love, hate and one-upmanship between its protagonists!

http://www.masala.com/37071-inkaar-movie-review

AnjuriSinha:
          Inkaar.... #Good attempt to show bitter #truths of advertising agencies...
        
Anil10482:
          Mishraji has done it again..must watch Inkaar
        
ANIKET_F1:
          Inkaar...a must watch movie.
        
Amrt_K:
          #Inkaar is a must watch for all those who put all ur ego in ur love life (*including Me)
        
AmoghDeshpande8:
          RESPECT @IAmSudhirMishra  #Inkaar
        
Amodeh75:
          #INKAAR @rampalarjun fantistic mindblowing fabulous acting by u sir ...just love the movie ...plz everyone just watch this amazing movie :)
        
amar889:
          Inkaar is a stylish, engrossing and psychological movie
        
Akshat_Wms:
          Just saw #inkaar..I must say its a interesting watch!
        
ag_prachi:
          Amazing chemistry and very well directed movie #Inkaar kudos @rampalarjun , Sudhir Mishra and Chitrangdha 
        
ADhawankar:
          Film "Inkaar" should be viewed compulsorily by all "Working Women".
        
AbhishekTtiwari:
          #Inkaar narrating the bitter truth about the corporate. Brilliant movie by Sudhir Mishra.
        
abhishekkamath:
          good watch - Inkaar #chitrangda is too good....!!
        
abhinabadey:
          INKAAR - a nice watch
        
aapkasky:
          INKAAR.... "Moneyworthy".... good work Sudhir Mishra after YSZ...
- @Glitz Raipur
        
aankinandu:
          Inkaar nicee flick :)
        
VarunMody2410:
          #Inkaar can someone tell me where does chitrangita Singh stay 
I'm blindly in love with her
It's a decent movie #Inkaar not so good not bad
        
taurean_aj:
          Chilling cold tonite... Watched inkaar... 1st ½ well made .. 2nd one too stretched and deviating to idiotic love story 2.5/5
        
SweetZub:
          watched the movie inkaar, din understand the ending nor how was the title related to it , stil one tym watch muvie :P
        
swanakshatra:
          #inkaar a one time watch.. Loved the act crafted by #arjunrampal for the first time... Miss Singh is hot and sensuous as usual...
        
Steffyseq:
          3/5 - Inkaar - with Crizel and Audy ma #loves #cousins
        
Shantykins:
          #Inkaar. Pretentious. But watchable. End is a cop-out though. And yes, #ChitrangadaSingh is just sweet on one's eyes.
        
sh4rme:
          Such a Mills & Boon ending Inkaar had. Well made but acting and ending a total let down
        
satvikul:
          Inkaar I think I expected too much! I would give it a 2.5 out 5 ...could have been better...same bollywood element! #disappointing
        
Sandhyam81:
          Inkaar -gud movie. Its for ppl dismissing emotions in the game of success, authority n professional relations. One time watch ho sakta hai..
        
SachinGupta9:
          Watched Inkaar yesterday ,looked OK kind of movie but a little bit over streched, however Arjun Rampal awesome acting. #inkaar
        
rohit2250:
          Even with all the expression less actors and weak script, #Inkaar wasn't an unwatchable movie. Maybe because of very practical concept.
        
rati7:
          Watched INKAAR finally.... Didint hate it actually...
        
pullipuli:
          Saw both Inkaar and Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola. Both are an awerage movie. Inkaar failed in story and Mandola... https://www.facebook.com/jishnu.namboodirippad/posts/10200351024799183

pradeep_smenon:
          Was quite impressed with Arjun Rampal in Inkaar. Music of the film is excellent. The writing is quite weak, but it's still engaging enough.
        
nowme_datta:
          Inkaar was absorbing in parts. The resolution was a let down. Arjun was perfectly cast and was good. Chitranganda effective too. For once.
        
NavinBajaj:
          The makers of Inkaar chose the easy ending. What was supposed to be a film abt sexual harassment turns out to be just love gone wrong. 2.7/5
        
NarayanPrachi:
          #Inkaar: great understanding of the subject, good acting, poor story telling, terrible end. Just watch it for #ChitrangdaSingh
        
MissGlitteratti:
          Inkaar...What a brilliant build up to a disappointing end. I felt like pausing the movie and telling them to make it right somehow!
        
kunal2383:
          Watched "Inkaar" today. This is something happens in real world. Story started good but the end was not proper. May be, wait for next...
        
kiaraisrani:
          Inkaar.. Not a bad movie.. Gave a good insight into agency\call center\it life!!
        
keriwalasakib:
          Inkaar movie : based on inter cabin politics b/w boss & his secratery . . . . . 3 star from mine.
        
imMalav:
          Good Music,Perfect Casting,Effective Dialogues,Confused Screenplay, Strong 1st half, 2nd half could have been much better & tighter. #Inkaar
        
IamAbhishiktar:
          Inkaar started off splendidly...but lost its shine in the second half ..both Arjun Rampal and Chitrangada Singh did a great job nevertheless
        
Froufrouwalrus:
          And Inkaar was not bad.I know how hot Arjun Rampal is now.Oh so.
        
craishil:
          Just watched Inkaar..Its nt dat bad aftrall!
        
bollywoodajjtak:
          Saw #Inkaar yesterday and Its a interesting Subject, The Idea was good but execution was Bad.
        
Beenish_jawed:
          The ending of #inkaar was such a disappointment, I wish they'd made the ending a little less cliche 
        
Aditi_Espeaks:
          Saw Inkaar today, fantastic acting by Chitrangada, @rampalarjun was good but as always lack of expressions, movie content was ok, 3 Stars.
        
Young_Rich_Free:
          "@SudhirU: Inkaar, unbearably bad movie. I want 1 hour of my life back." @IChitrangda @chitrangadasing Criticism has started !
        
vishaldwivedi9:
          The title Bekaar Is more appropriate for the movie #Inkaar :D what a waste!
        
vikssilence:
          Inkaar.....the whole movie is realy Bekaar...dnn go on Poster...it might bring some audience in Cineplex
        
udayshandilya:
          Just Watched Inkaar.... one of the worst Movie
        
theliteratefool:
          Inkaar, that’s exactly what you say to the movie. Wasted sat night.
        
tanqeed:
          Member’s Review: Inkaar is frustratingly poor film. 
http://tanqeed.com/forum/sankets-review-inkaar-is-frustratingly-poor-film/

TajluxuryCom:
          Inkaar is less sexual harassment, more audience harassment!
        
taimoorza:
          #Inkaar = Baykaar.
        
sunainak:
          What a lame ending to Inkaar. Like the writers ran out of steam and ideas. Bah!
        
SumanaMukherjee:
          Inkaar didn't work for me, but just how beautiful would the progeny of Rahul and Maya be...
        
snehapshenoy:
          #inkaar is a bad rip-off of the advertising life..Especially the quality of ads shown. Rampal's every bit of the eye-candy I expected :)
        
SnehaNKeni:
          Inkaar.. A movie full of "EH" moments...,!!
        
skesh46:
          Inkaar was more of a mental harassment than sexual harassment...#Bore ! @ghoshness @TheKuekuatsu
        
singhcd:
          Inkaar -(cont.)Peppered with clichés, it is a film that you should say 'inkaar' to.(Cont.)
        
sheshkrish:
          #inkaar is bearable only bcos of @chitrangadasing !!
        
sharonpicardo:
          Oye drama queen! Watch inkaar. Why shud I b the only tortured soul 
        
sharadkchandak:
          Excellent acting in an otherwise poor script #Inkaar
        
Sethumadhavan:
          #Inkaar-kya Sudhir Mishraji ne wakai mein yeh picture banaya hai?Is fillum ko apnane mein mujhe hai inkaar.....
        
saniyap23:
          I saw.. Could only sit thru cos of arjun "@sharonpicardo: Oye drama queen! Watch inkaar. Why shud I b the only tortured soul 
        
sandhyamendonca:
          #inkaar sudhir misra could not figure where to take it after a good buildup & screwed up ending of a good film
        
RjKshitij:
          Inkaar is a brave movie.. Ppl who sit through it are braver
        
ritikanath:
          Inkaar- utter waste of time n money .wtf was dat?!
        
ravi_patel23:
          #Inkaar .......not good enough!!!!
        
Rajyasree:
          Inkaar is really not a good advertisement for women who work. Reinforces the stereotype that we can't separate the personal & professional.
        
Rajkumarashappa:
          If any of ur friends asks u to see INKAAR please INKAAR karna...  Fail movie...
        
pudiharicharan:
          Hot man and woman don't necessarily make a good movie #Inkaar
        
priyam_c:
          Confusing, disjunct and poorly edited...there you have it, the review of #Inkaar
        
prasadtushar:
          INKAAR - ko karo inkaar ..warna tym ho jayega bekaar....#third class movie
        
pankito09:
          Sooo not expected from Sudhir Mishra. The man who gave us #movies like Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi. #Inkaar #bollywood #directors
        
nihrikaa:
          Such a disappointing storytelling by Sudhir Mishra. Chitrgda was looking old but Arjun was hawt as hell!! #inkaar
        
neha202:
          A start which showed a lot of potential. An end which makes you regret the past 2 hrs. 2 1/2 stars. Say no to #Inkaar
        
NakulKakkar:
          Inkaar = Bekaar
        
LMK_LEO86:
          #Inkaar review: http://lmkmoviemaniac.blogspot.com/2013/01/inkaar-review.html 
The movie becomes tedious and monotonous beyond a point. The ending is a cinematic compromise.
        
kunaljp:
          If Inkaar has anything to do with harassment, it is for the audience. Totally confusing plot... headed nowhere after a point
        
KommmanMan:
          Inkaar ko karien Inkaar!!
        
kif_luck:
          Also, what a painful movie #Inkaar Even gorgeous Arjun Rampal couldn't save the movie
        
kaartikgupta:
          watched #Inkaar today. Found it boring. But what i found intriguing was the reality of the story. Job pressure, harassment etc.
        
ishbish:
          #Inkaar is pretty stretched and bad. Mr Misra seems out of depth. Poor effort. Saw it just because @ankash1009 recommended. Never again!
        
IndiaWest:
          #Inkaar #Filmreview: @RajivVijayakar gives the film 1.5 stars! Says it's too long with some outstanding scenes. Read: http://www.indiawest.com/news/8593-confusion-confounded.html

ideasgallore:
          Saw #Inkaar wich started on a rocking note but fizzled out in the end. Expected much more than the tame end but @rampalarjun ur a revelation
        
iamrohiit:
          The movie #Inkaar is more of audience harassment than anything else !!
        
IamDeeBond:
          Inkaar. Why would anyone make a movie on a topic which doesn't actually exist in the script of the movie. Why? Why? #PainInTheBehind
        
HepburnDreams:
          I can't believe I wasted my Sunday afternoon sleep over #Inkaar. Total crap!
        
gkhamba:
          Inkaar review : No
        
FilmPredictions:
          #MatruKiBijleeKaMandola #Inkaar and #mumbaimirror All the films are DISASTERS!!
        
dupisandhu:
          Didn't particularly like it. RT @agrawalsanjeev: Doesn't mean anything "@dupisandhu: #Inkaar was better than Mattru! Period. I rest my case"
        
docMunj:
          #inkaar is a "must not" watch movie! Horrible story, ok performances, nothing to watch for- waste of time and money!
        
devakimenon:
          #Inkaar was a disappointment. Why show a strong, ruthless woman, build her up & end by showing her weak, in love & at the mercy of a creep!
        
cpansari:
          Inkaar Fails miserably. Very superficial treatment of a sensitive topic. 2/5
        
comicdip:
          'Inkaar', I wasted a good 130 bucks on you. You Should be ashamed!
        
chirag_rr:
          #Inkaar.....sexually harassed my fucking brain
        
Chiprang:
          Inkaar film review: Bold movie yet lacks substance http://www.mizonews.net/entertainment/inkaar-film-review-bold-movie-yet-lacks-substance/ via @mizonews
        
chaosparticle:
          #Inkaar is a bit too long. Could have been around 120 minutes shorter.
        
blingsonblinkin:
          Koi #inkaar ko lapeto dang se.. Movie was just so confusing ..and no story at all!!
        
biswatosh:
          INKAAR predictable and disappointed Sudhir Mishra should avoid this story 2/5. Watch at your own risk. #film
        
avinax:
          I think i should file a mental harassment case against the makers of #inkaar for making such a slow movie #fail
        
ashuvirgo1984:
          Inkaar loses the plot (Movie review) | Hill Post http://hillpost.in/2013/01/19/inkaar-loses-the-plot-movie-review/59500/general/pandey #news via @hill_post
        
aNDeeilicious:
          Sexual Harrassment ke naam pe Mental Harrassment. #Inkaar
        
Ajitesh24:
          Inkaar has failed to the level of expectation , being a corporate , my expectation with this movie was bit more complex
        
adityasavnal:
          When your film revolves around 2 characters , the drama  and characters in your film better be powerful. But the drama in #Inkaar is boring
        
abhishekgurbani:
          Why you shouldn't watch Inkaar this weekend RT @comicdip  neither of their gorgeousness could save the film after the first 5 mins or so.
        
18Kanchan:
          Madhur Bhandarkar would've done a better job with the sexual harassment concept shown in #Inkaar
        
          5 readers
          -
          2 yays
2 so-so
1 nays

            Want to Watch,
            by nirmal
: apprehensive about the overall package but expect sparks of intelligent film making.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by dolphin sightseeing atlantic city
: Morlanwelz-Mariemont

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Murtaza Ali
: Indian filmmaker Sudhir Mishra's tale of misunderstood love with shades of Rashomon

            So-So,
            by Mansi
: Lacks the punch

            So-So,
            by Nikhil
: Movie is quite good.

            Nay! Thumbs Down,
            by Suman
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Rahul Verma (Arjun Rampal) is being accused of sexual harassment by Maya Luthra (Chitrangda Singh) who works with him in an advertising agency.Rahul Verma (Arjun Rampal) is being accused of sexual harassment by Maya Luthra (Chitrangda Singh) who works with him in an advertising agency.
Praful's interview for the committee is shot well. (Praful is one of the employees being interviewed by the committee for the sexual harassment case)
The Chanel 5 joke. 
The comment on women considered as people who over-react unnecessarily :)
The manner in which Rahul messes with Maya's emotions. 
The self-referencing joke about iss raat ki subah nahi

Saurabh Shukla' cameo. 
Why is Maya's promotion a secret from the CEO?
Et tu, Chitrangda Singh? Botox lips...why? Tell me it's just make-up gone bad. 
Hey Meetu.. long timeI don't mind Arjun Rampal.. He does try his best and shines once in a while too. This film however -- hmm I am not too sure what I should expect. I get a feeling that there will some bold dialogues dotted here and there (coming mainly from the lady) but the pace could be rather dull. Sudhir will throw in some intelligence for sure but as a package will it work is the question!! we'll know soon won't we.A word about the Music - it is an enjoyable soundtrack. I don't understand why has it not garnered any reviews so far. Shantanu Moitra and Swanand Kirkire are quite good. I would rate it as 3.75/4.Aarggh, I meant 3.75/5. Wish I could edit comments.@Rahul yep, i liked the music too!"Yet, another film where the makers seem to not want to take the concept all the way. Why not make it all about the 'sexual harassment'? Why not make it all about what it really wanted to be about - the part that I cannot give away? Why oh why, lessen the weight of the issue or the depth of emotions?"Couldn't agree more!Inkaar starts off on a compelling note. The director wastes no time building up characters. You meet and get to know them as the film progresses and even then you're not sure you can tell the black from the white. That's the USP. You hope you can put together the scattered pieces as the film takes you back and forth. Unfortunately, while it does so, it gets trapped in a cliche-land. And the climax commits the worn-out Bollywood folly....http://eatpraylovemovies.blogspot.in/2013/01/inkaar-2012.htmlMovie is quite good, when there is other actor and actress is comes at that point movie became successful.Great review... finally I have found one that's in sync with my understanding of the movie. I believe that the movie is more about misunderstood love than it's about sexual harassment. Here's the link to my review of the movie... please do let me know what you think of it:http://www.apotpourriofvestiges.com/2013/01/inkaar-2013-indian-filmmaker-sudhir.html@Murtuza thanks! and yes!Direction: 2    Story: -10k :)    Lead Actors: 0.5 (-2 for always smiling faced Chitrangda)    Character Artists: 3    Dialogues: 1.5    Screenplay: 1.5    Music Director: 2    Lyrics: 1@Suman ha ha ha ha :D@Nirmal So, did you watch it?Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None
Language: If you lip-read you can see the 'fuck's converted to 'shit's or the likes. Other than that, some abusive language too.
Nudity & Sexual content: The whole movie is about sexual harassment. A couple of liplocks, one scene with the lead pair being intimate with each other.
Concept: A boss is being accused of sexual harassment by a woman working with him.
General Look and Feel: Sepia and grim.


