
wogma rating: Add to 'must watch' list (?)
Bokya means only well and is manipulative to that end. He's a social messenger for our children and the child in us. The film though is a bit too sweet to be true.Being kind is really not that difficult. Neither does being considerate take a whole lot of effort. And trying to put yourself in the other person's proverbial shoes will not be the end of the world. 7-year old Bokya reminds us of the goodness we carry and appreciate but also forget as we age. Like Aesop's fables, Jataka Tales, Panchatantra are some of the short stories we have grown up with. Dilip Prabhavalkar's Bokya Satbande falls in that category for many kids who understand Marathi. It is amazing how a saccharine character like Bokya is made believable. Every time I saw him say something that sounded a bit too wise for his age, I could picture one of my kids showering me with the same knowledge using similar language. Though they wouldn't necessarily be as thoughtful they are at times as good-naturedly scheming to get what they want. And yet overt, unbelievable melodrama makes its way into the climax. And it is as trying as ever and sticks out sorely.Interestingly while none of the actors do a wow-what-a-great job, they do make their characters immensely adorable. Little Aryan adopts a unique combination of mischief and maturity and is absolutely endearing. And you see his parents, his brother, his grandmother all knowingly and willingly giving in to his manipulation. Oddly enough, Dilip Prabhavalkar who has written the books, the TV series and the screenplay for the film came across as over-doing his bit. While I found his overacting extremely annoying, it seemed intentional because his act made every kid in the house laugh. What makes the film enjoyable, is in a childish sort-of a way very smart. It doesn't once let the kid go out of bounds or make his actions seem unjustifiable. Bokya is naughty but you don't see him behave irresponsibly. Even if it is to cover-up something he doesn't want his parents to know, you see him confide in his grandmother. Some of the lines entertain as much as they enlighten. There are other off-handish remarks that seem funny but are a comment about society today without being sarcastic.In movies that portray someone as overly-good, many a time the "other" party is painted a dark, dark black. There's no such attempt to underhandedly highlight the former's brightness here. And there aren't character transformations because of the "good" guy's preaching.This is a must watch for all kids - Marathi-speaking or not. Language won't be a barrier to understand humanity. I took a couple of 7-year old non-Marathi-understanding kids and they absolutely loved it. They wouldn't stop yelling 'Boooookya Satbande' for a couple of hours after the film. And well...I won’t shy away from saying that I enjoyed it almost as much too.
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.
          12 readers
          -
          8 yays
4 so-so
0 nays

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Aditi

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Bolly

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Consumer Goods

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Jataka Tales
: Loved it.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Ronit
: very interesting n awsom movie...

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by roxann evilegas6
: 10

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by shivavarun
: super

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by sidd
: very awesum movie...

            So-So,
            by Enjoylyrics.com

            So-So,
            by Hindilyrics4u.co.un

            So-So,
            by Tamillyrics.co.in

            So-So,
            by Telugulyrics.co.in
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Bokya (Aryan Narvekar) is a 7-year old boy who looks at the world with a lot of empathy. With this empathy he tries to do what best he can using the fairest means possible.Bokya (Aryan Narvekar) is a 7-year old boy who looks at the world with a lot of empathy. With this empathy he tries to do what best he can using the fairest means possible.
The top angle shots of the playground.
The background music

The set-up of Belvande ajoba's (Dilip Prabhawalkar's) house. The sad state in which it was looked too done up.
Okay, why are 20-30 kids travelling out of town without adult company?

Dilip Prabhawalkar's wig was horrendous and distracting.
For all Hindi/Tamil/Telugu Songs LyricsVisit: http://www.lyricswale.comFor all Tamil Songs LyricsVisit: http://www.tamillyrics.co.inFor all Hindi Songs LyricsVisit: http://www.hindilyrics4u.co.inFor all Telugu Songs LyricsVisit: http://www.telugulyrics.co.in@Ronit @sidd tried to find out, but can't find any information on the net.Thanks @Aditi!Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None
Language: Clean and nice.
Nudity & Sexual content: None
Concept: A child being good at heart and doing what it takes to do his heart's bidding.


