
wogma rating: Watch when on TV/online (?) - No seriously, not much that warrants a big screen.
    
  More of the same, except a little less than usual. But, Star Wars fans can never have enough, right? eyerollThe only thing that stood out in Rogue One is how similar the “Darth Vader vs. The Empire vs. Rebels vs. Rebel alliance vs. Rogues” situation sounds to real world wars. That parallel aside, there is nothing new in terms of story or visual extravagance. In fact, there is hardly any magnificence in the visuals. No saber duals, so the unique awe is missing. Not too many Jedis around, so no spiritual-metaphysical stuff going around either. The story sounds complicated to begin with but once you get the bearings, it is the run-of-the-mill good vs. bad. Within the good then, there are factions as there are amongst the bad. But, that is the usual Star Wars fare. The only emotional arc doesn't tug because there is too little of it. The performances of the main characters are what one expects from a film from this genre. Some of the actors in character roles though, especially those that play the villains, are surprisingly stiff. In fact, the voice of the droids are the most noticeable – they make you smile at appropriate intervals. Those humorous lines too are pretty much predictable. The rest of the dialogue is rather lame. In fact, the lines given to some of the people who believe in the force are outright ridiculous. In addition, they are intentionally and unapologetically repetitive, as if to say, “we will not spend any energy to write dialogue for this character, do what you like.”The only value then that Rogue One adds to the Star Wars series is that there is one more Star Wars film to watch. And that is good enough for some of us. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.
          2 readers
          -
          2 yays
0 so-so
0 nays

            Not Interested in Watching,
            by fanofcfc8

            Want to Watch,
            by TimELiebe
: Hey, I still love *masala* - and this is American *masala*!

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Adhyayan
: one of the best Star Wars films

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Anup
: Good enough for fans to engage..
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Hi Meetu...here again, think you missed out on a good one in "Arrival".   a splendid movie and i was hoping for a review from your end...Its still around i guess...See if u can catch a show before it moves outMeeta - as I sometimes ask when you watch a movie you know you'll hate: WHY are you doing this to yourself again? I can't think of a movie I would think you'd enjoy less than this - unless it's DHOOM IV MEETS KRRISH!I liked the tone. It resembles EMPIRE STRIKES BACK a little bit.. but nothing is exceptional (except cinematography). Its just a good movie and fill the gap between REVENGE OF SETH AND NEW HOPE which i think the non fans are not interested in.Hi @Bibs, I hope to see it one of these days.@TimELiebe Oh not that's not true. I loved part 4-5-6 in this series and in general the genre combination of sci-fi and action.@Anup yep!dont miss arrival its one of the best of 2016@Meeta - I agree Episode IV is great and I still love. Episode V, not so much - and Episode VI...had Ewoks, which are even more annoying than Salman Khan trying to be charming!I'm sorry I assumed you wouldn't enjoy the STAR WARS series...Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Loads of the usual action
Language: None
Nudity & Sexual content: None
Concept: Darth Vader vs. The Empire vs. Rebels vs. Rebel alliance vs. Rogues
General Look and Feel: The usual Sci-fi fare


