
wogma rating: Add to 'must watch' list (?)
Fear and darkness is certain in a movie where the world is coming to an end. If the reason behind the end is aliens, you need a constant sense of fear, and newer, scarier antics to keep you moving. The Darkest HourFor 89 mins, The Darkest HourThe Darkest HourIt’s then that invisible aliens - what look like a lethal, dusty mirage - eat into the entire city, killing every single living being. We are shown the alien’s point-of-view as well – where humans look like walking tissues, and on coming in contact with them, humans get reduced to dust. The film then tracks how the survivors from their first attack (all four Americans and the handful Russians they meet on the way) battle their way through this apocalyptic mess they find themselves in.
If you need a couple of reasons to watch the film, you’ll be happy to know the effects and scare-factor is at its maximum. It’s a phenomenon I find most of these apocalyptic films have in common regardless of their basic plot. You are going to find the idea of the world (as you know it) coming to an end, extremely creepy. It’s a must-have in any film with such content (like The Day After Tomorrow and 2012).
The Darkest HourIf you need a couple of reasons to watch the film, you’ll be happy to know the effects and scare-factor is at its maximum. It’s a phenomenon I find most of these apocalyptic films have in common regardless of their basic plot. You are going to find the idea of the world (as you know it) coming to an end, extremely creepy. It’s a must-have in any film with such content (like The Day After Tomorrow and 2012).The Darkest HourIt’s simple; if the aliens are going to be invisible, the plot has the keep the viewer hooked on by topping the horror-factor every now and then. What you see The Darkest HourThe real winner of The Darkest Hour
    
    This review is by  guest reviewer Swetha Ramakrishnan. Swetha Ramakrishnan is currently living and working in Mumbai. She's a self-confessed film enthusiast and can most likely be found talking to anyone and everyone about popular cinema and her love for SRK. 
    
      Swetha Ramakrishnan also blogs at http://swetharamakrishnan.blogspot.com/.
    
    
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.No readers have rated this movie yet.This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: No blood and gore, but a killing spree 
Language: No expletives 
Nudity & Sexual content: Only one scene of a girl changing her clothes, but not full nudity 
Concept: Predictable alien invasion flick 
General Look and Feel: Mostly blue tones and enormous landscapes 


