
wogma rating: Watch when on TV/online (?)
A case of too many sub-stories spoil the movie. And oh, none of them a thriller (considering it's a detective story.) If there is someone who can play a loud, outlandish and/or quirky female character it is Vidya Balan. I can safely say I will look forward to any film she takes up in the forseeable future. Of course, everything comes with a pinch of salt, in this case the pinch of salt is named, Ghanchakkar. The other thing I worry about sometimes is that if Vidya Balan, the actor has started over-shadowing the characters she plays. I wonder if we are becoming more and more aware of the actor in the film rather than the character as is true of many of the "stars" in the Hindi film industry. That would be such a shame.I am really hoping, Bobby Jasoos will engage us with its story and the characters. It has a thriller element which is also something I always look forward to. The trailer itself points to some fun moments which make you hope that there is more to it than just what you see in those two minutes. Here's hoping that I'm not expecting too much. Music Reviews:
Bollyspice - "2/5"
koimoi - "2/5"  
Milliblog - "Shantanu Moitra gets half the soundtrack right and scores an ace with Tu!" 
Music Aloud - "7.5/10" 
rediff - "2/5"   
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  It must indeed be a difficult task to make a film with a woman at its center. So difficult are they to write stories around them that the movies have to be padded with a romantic track, a couple of songs and so on. Such a shame. Even so, Bobby Jasoos tries. Not only does it try to make a woman-based story work it tries to highlight how life of women in India is kept from reaching its potential. The question then is, can you watch a movie for an attempt at making a woman-centric film?One of the main reasons people were looking forward to Bobby Jasoos is because its a Vidya Balan product. One of the very few female stars who can command an audience just because of her. While, she doesn't fail as an actor, Bobby aka Bilqis, is hardly challenging enough for her. However, it isn't necessary that she take up projects that only challenge her as an actress. Sometimes it is just the subject that needs attention. And who can deny that attention is necessary for the woman who is suppressed by society, treated as just something that needs to be passed on from father to husband at the right age? This part of the writing is done subtly and is indeed very appealing. Unfortunately though, the rest of the film is spread too thin over too many sub-plots. From lovers who need a detective to ward-off proposals arriving for them through the arranged marriage route by looking for "flaws" in the prospective applicant to fathers who can't show their love and care directly to their child to lovers who can't own up to their feelings. The main point of intrigue, the mystery itself has a lame resolution and provides no thrill, even though it tries to tie two main threads of the film together. Top this off with the additional pressure of having to be funny and commercially viable. Yes, commercially viable supposedly = dream sequences, no matter how random and out-of-place they are! I cannot think of another reason for the existence of that song. Oh well.Other than Vidya Balan, Ali Fazal has some brief moments that work well. Arjan Bajwa has a screen presence even if it requires him to hold one expression. The rest of the cast too have their share of screen time which they do well with. None of this is good enough though given how many stories Bobby Jasoos, the film is trying to tell. Each distracting from the other, not letting the other come to its point.
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  External reviews for this movie are not available
          75 tweeters(?)
          -
          36 yays
15 so-so
24 nays

_SanaSharma:
          Bobby Jasoos review: A delightful Vidya Balan makes this a must watch
        
zaahra_c:
          Sunday treat, Bobby Jasoos! @alifazal9 amazing acting sir loved your performance and the movie! Congratulations!! Well done team xD
        
VikramvnaikNaik:
          Saw Bobby Jasoos today. Fantastic movie.
        
VGLICIOUS_:
          Bobby Jasoos. Really good movie. Good performance by every actor.
        
TheMajNS:
          Bobby Jasoos...Vidya Balan entertains again...
        
tanvi_gautam:
          Bobby Jasoos - nicely done.
        
SunnyOnHunt:
          Just watched bobby jasoos. Love these kind of movies..
        
sumitkesarkar:
          BOBBY JASOOS a superb detective flick but real winner is HYDERABAD & the city's essence which comes thrgh.
        
ssvayal:
          Bobby Jasoos a Nice Movie.
        
spanikkal:
          Bobby Jasoos is indeed a very loveable character. The movie is actually a celebration of Hyderabad. Thanks for bringing this out. @deespeak
        
sohaibgulbadan:
          Saw Bobby Jasoos and Transformers today. Thoroughly enjoyed both. Amazing Vidya Balan in one, beautiful cars and visual effects in the other
        
siraaaj3:
          Bobby Jasoos! Superhit. Off the beaten track and yet on track. Perfectly entertaining. The hyderabadi setup was spot on & VIDYA! you rock.
        
ShoeDaydreams:
          Bobby Jasoos was so fun and funny #bollywood http://twitter.com/ShoeDaydreams/status/485818679691464704/photo/1

SabitaDigal:
          Saw Bobby Jasoos today, people should watch it. Turned out to be real good.
        
PukhrajNeogi:
          Bobby Jasoos nice watch. Ali Fazal wish u were given more footage
        
Nathansv:
          Go watch Bobby Jasoos. Vidya Balan is terrific. The movie review follows. Thumbs up.#bobbyjasoos
        
mattsiatti:
          Watched my first Bollywood film today bobby jasoos it's well worth a watch! Harmless fun
        
ManishPajan:
          Thoroughly enjoyable film this Bobby Jasoos. No doubt, it is Vidya Balan's film out and out. And does she do a good job! #Bollywood
        
ksipraah:
          Bobby Jasoos...superb movie
        
kaaminimandal:
          vidya is a good actoress..her movie bobby jasus is awsome..plz hurry watch it
        
i_tweetu:
          Bobby Jasoos: sheer entertainment........!!! MUST WATCH @EvenOnWeekDayz 
http://hifengmotu.blogspot.com/2014/07/bobby-jasoos-sheer-entertainment-must.html

idrrajdeep:
          The script looses its steam midway but the spunky Balan girl made this kahaani consistently watchable.Bobby Jasoos is a fun watch.
        
guddugal:
          A lighthearted comedy ~ 
Bobby Jasoos
        
getfilmy:
          if you haven't seen Bobby Jasoos I highly recommend it... damn fun
        
FShirin:
          What a fun movie Bobby Jasoos is! Truly entertaining.. A must watch. #Bollywood http://twitter.com/FShirin/status/485887907450740737/photo/1

FebWin:
          So I watched Bobby Jasoos and as usual, Vidya Balan shines out. Interesting plot and Hyderabadi flavour.A lighter, more fun Kahaani.
        
debasmitashankr:
          Vidya's her entertaining best in @deespeak 's Bobby Jasoos bt d surprise element is @alifazal9 Nvr thot Joy Lobo wud do such wonder sum day
        
BhaganiaHemant:
          Bobby Jasoos is nice well made movie. Vidya Balan is brilliant.In fact, all actors are nice. Congrats to Dia Mirza for producing the movie.
        
ask0704:
          Liked Bobby Jasoos..nice simple movie .Vidya balan was great+super casting .Supriya pathak, benaf, Tanvi azmi & Kiran kumar very all good :)
        
AnshuBindaas:
          Watch #BobbyJasoos; it is fun, feisty and a cracker of a movie.... http://anshubhojnagarwala.wordpress.com/2014/07/06/bobby-jasoos/

anitadongre:
          A strong fearless woman ,boldly entering a male dominated career #bobby jasoos will be inspirational to many. loved the character @deespeak
        
amitgupta9:
          Wow...Bobby Jasoos is a very beautiful movie....loved the simplicity and power of the story....am at loss of words...
        
abantim:
          Bobby Jasoos is a sweet movie; Vidya Balan is a pleasure 2 watch as she smoothly glides on; Ali Faizal is d icing on the cake - abslte dlite
        
aadiFire:
          Bobby Jasoos. Just returned. Pretty nice movie. Liked it.
        
9179Rohit:
          Ultimate, Superhitt, ...enjoy wid you family ... **** #bobby jasoos..
        
2001Niel1:
          Bobby Jasoos is hi-tech& intellectual..movie has lots of learning points as to how to b target oriented n with brilliant ideas..vidya 2 good
        
TheBongHandle:
          Bobby jasoos. Vidya balan was good. Story was okay.
        
srivi3:
          Could have been handled better.  There are some good moments but overall the movie is average.   http://toi.in/micron/redirect.html?str=JslRQb

SadaMath:
          I saw Bobby Jasoos yesterday. Movie is good but it isn't something that you will cherish for a long time. Mediocre work!
        
pratikvgupta:
          Why do movies start right n then always fall face flat these days!!?? Bobby Jasoos- Okish watch.
        
MystiquePai:
          Watched Bobby Jasoos. Am entertaining confusing thoughts about The Patriarchy and Plotlines.
        
KislayaDube:
          Saw bobby jasoos .....okay movie
        
JaldeepTipale:
          Bobby Jasoos was good but not the way I expected it to be... :(
        
gambhirmaamla:
          It's sad that a half decent movie like Bobby Jasoos gets pulled down by the weight of shitty music.
        
debsankar1980:
          #MovieReview watched Bobby Jasoos (2014)- a comedy thriller.ONE TIME WATCH only because of Vidya Balan..story of an aspiring women detective
        
boogerworm:
          An ok movie... the end ruined it
http://filumtime.blogspot.in/2014/07/bobby-jasoos.html
#BobbyJasoos #review #movie #moviereview
        
bogeyno2:
          Another plug for my #BobbyJasoos review - by no means perfect but worth a watch especially for Vidya. #Bollywood http://bogeyno2.wordpress.com/2014/07/05/bobby-jasoos/

Biswaraj007:
          Bobby Jasoos wasn't that good too,But Vidya was full fun.
It's make-up artist might win National award.
        
bigbala:
          Bobby Jasoos isn't too bad. I quite like Vidya's acting in this. Especially her chemistry with Ali. Just not as much fun as I was hoping.
        
ani2weets:
          Movie Review: Bobby Jasoos..some thrills but an ordinary case http://nblo.gs/YdYol

AltamashFZ:
          Bobby Jasus is a comedy film. 1st half is full of comedy and Jasusi, but after interval it so so, less comedy less jasusi.
        
vivekparanjpe:
          #Cinema 
Saw Bobby Jasoos. 
Below Average. 
No value for money. 
Can wait for TV release.
        
vish1982:
          Review Time with #Flick-Freak
#Bobby Jasoos - a salt-less Hyderabadi Biryani !!

http://www.facebook.com/iloveflicks
Please Like & Share :)
        
VenuDhingra:
          Bobby Jasoos just lost out to Federer vs Djokovic
What a sad movie
        
vaishalins:
          For the first time, was disappointed with a Vidya Balan performance. :( Please give Bobby Jasoos a miss...
        
sonias24:
          Bobby Jasoos- too simplistic, highly flawed and just plain boring. Do not waste your time or money on this one.
        
sinvhal:
          Boring Bobby Jasoos. Avoid. Don't waste time and money
        
sidhanth_s:
          Bobby Jasoos */2 पैसे की बरबरबादी है
        
SALKATPREACHER:
          well i still cannot digest how can vidya balan can sign a movie like bobby jasoos
        
ridhi_01:
          btw Bobby Jasoos is overrated.
        
ramirataneja:
          For wich sec target audience is this film made called "Bobby Jasoos"..??can any1 plz help..!!.. (Bobby Jack Ass)
        
rajji3351:
          Wasted time on Bobby Jasoos despite good to brilliant performances individually ! Seems to be written by an idiot !
        
Rachna4S:
          Bobby Jasoos: 3/10 
Vidya Balan: 7/10
        
RachitaNadig:
          There was a one hour serial called star best-sellers. Bobby Jasoos should have been in that format and not a movie.
        
owaisiawo:
          vidya balan deserved a better script for bobby jasoos
        
nikhilkardale:
          Bobby Jasoos: The detective would do well to investigate why the ending of her own movie was so illogical and amateurish.
        
KavitaAChhibber:
          Bobby jasoos...a total waste of time. Badly scripted edited and overacted. Eminently forgettable
        
gnyaneshg:
          Saw bobby jasoos movie today and was quite disappointed, it was mildly put a movie without any sense or direction.
        
Dikshant0104:
          It would've been a better end for Bobby Jasoos if Vidya took off her mask and it turned out to be Chacha Chaudhary. #HaddBore
        
chickoncrik:
          Bobby Jasoos is torturous!
        
carla_filmigeek:
          Filmi Geek on Bobby Jasoos (2014): So sweet and so much fun that I am not inclined to be especially critical of it. http://www.filmigeek.com/2014/07/bobby-jasoos-2014.html

AuthorDhiraj:
          Bobby Jasoos seems to be a bigger disaster than Dedh Ishqiya & Gulaab Gang in 2014. @deespeak @MadhuriDixit #SRKonColorsAt8
        
AnksReview:
          Bobby Jasoos is story about confused women which shows how confused the story writer of this movie was...
        
amitdirector:
          finally caught up with bobby jasoos. kahaani scored because of a seamless screenplay, in spite of a layered narrative. bj just had two laye…
        
additiyom:
          If there were a contest for scripts that were otherwise post-it notes, Bobby Jasoos would be in the running for top slot!
        
          1 readers
          -
          0 yays
1 so-so
0 nays

            So-So,
            by Suman
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Direction: 1.5    Story: 1.5    Lead Actors: 2.5    Character Artists: 2    Dialogues: 1.5    Screenplay: 1.5    Music Director: 0.5    Lyrics: 0.5Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None.
Language: Clean
Nudity & Sexual content: None.
Concept: A woman trying to make her mark
General Look and Feel: Bright and chirpy.


