
wogma rating: Watch when on TV/online (?)
It’s a shot of mush and sweetness. But, remains just that. Beyond girl meets boy and the ‘aawww’ that goes with that – thrice over, Teri Meri Kahaani has no hook to make it even a near-unique experience.Teri Meri Kahaani's story looks dangerously similar to that of Dangerous Ishhq though it is not sinister in its take on love over reincarnations. Interestingly, both films have a Krishna-Radha reference. Also, the feel of the film is pretty close to that of London Paris New York, another love story spread over years, though not reicarnations. Not to mention the heavy Kunal Kohli signature that is common to all his films. I cannot be a good sign when just a couple of trailers and the music of a film can bring so many other films to mind. There is serious concern for originality. The good news then is that it is a love story. So, there are only so many things that can happen in it. So it all boils down to the 'how' rather than the 'what'. While it's nice to see that the film revolves solely between the two principal characters played by Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra, not much has been disclosed about the primary conflict between the twosome. There's some slight inkling to a conflict but nothing unresolvable which unfortunately has made the film predictable. On the other hand, the entire disclosure of Aamir Khan's character at interval in Fanaa was such a downer that I'd prefer a regular simple love story compared to such 'unpredictability'.Fortunately, Kunal Kohli has done a decent job with adding humor and weight to the dialogue in his films. Also, with so many songs, Teri Meri Kahaani does come across as a musical. Though the music doesn't sound extraordinary, it is hummable, like most of the music from his films. So, they might just work given the situations in the film. Good-looking people, the romance angle, songs, colors, dance - what's more backdrop of mid-1900s for a part of the film gives an excuse to have the standard run-around-trees dance routine. The ingredients are all there for a perfect chick-flick. Will Teri Meri Kahaani be more? Music Reviews:
Milliblog - "But for these two songs, Teri Meri Kahaani is a fairly competent effort from Sajid and Wajid!"
Music Aloud - "6/10"
dunkdaft - "A soundtrack that is above average, where Prasoon Joshi helps them save the day"
Bollywood Hungama - "4/5"
Bollyspice - "3/5"  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  Love transcends generations. True love transcends logic. Romantic relationships were the same a hundred years ago and will live their viciously circular life for ages to come. Most of us know this first-hand, yet there are some parts of our lives we don’t mind watching Priyanka Chopra and Shahid Kapoor enact. But, three times is two times too much. Teri Meri Kahaani takes the concept a little too seriously and offers no variety in the sameness of love over a century. One of the things Teri Meri Kahaani tries to convey is that when love is at first sight; when connections seem magical; when vibes run too strong to ignore – it could imply a deeper bond. A bond that crosses life-times. A beautiful thought that. But writer, Kunal Kohli doesn’t  do anything exceptional with this lovely theme. Teri Meri Kahaani ends up being the same ol’ love story repeated in a span of two hours.One would then think that the way the three stories tie in would mean something more than just, ‘it’s meant to be’. Unfortunately, the climax which builds up nicely is a damp squib. Yet, the film holds up because of the performances, some sparkling dialogue and the inherent sweetness of romantic relationships as they are when they start.We see Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra disarm each other with their charm thrice and if it doesn’t get tiring it is only because of their performances. Many moments and lots of chemistry keep you engaged in them as actors, even if the story and characters aren’t all that interesting. This is despite the fact that all three characters that each one of them play are almost the same, except for Ruksar who is a meek yet popular film star. Both Radha and Aradhana are strong personalities who know what they want out of life. On the other hand, Govind, Krissh and Javed are all arrogant smart-Alecks. It’s amazing then that Priyanka Chopra and Shahid Kapoor manage to emote with a wide variety and bring some flavor to their three almost similar characters. I especially enjoyed what Shahid Kapoor does with Javed. Prachi Desai in her short presence leaves you feeling for her, more so because of the way she portrays the way her character faces the truth. Neha Sharma annoys well as the ‘typical girlfriend’ character. The rest of the supporting cast has nothing that makes you notice them, but I just don’t get why such awful actors are chosen to play the British officers.The period setting of the 1950s is cute – it doesn’t look authentic at all, but the textile industry from the times when Phoneix Mills was actually a mill does give you a flavor of the era. So does Shahid Kapoor’s  tribute to Charlie Chaplin and Kunal Kohli’s tribute to the silent era. On the other hand the culture depicted from those times in terms of say how a girl would behave in a small village in the 1910s or dress in a Bombay chawl in the 1950s is very difficult to digest. And lovely poetry aside, is nothing sacred about the freedom struggle – an energetic, completely romantic  song in the middle of a jail!? Really?There is no difficulty on the other hand in accepting the role technology plays in romance of the 2010s. Neither is it difficult to accept the nastiness of the woman scorned. Bits engage you; parts make you smile, laugh and LOL; and many chunks make you wonder why this film couldn’t be at least a little different from just three love stories hurriedly put together. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      40 reviewers(?)
      -
      4 yays
8 so-so
28 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Stefan S, 
        
          
             A Nutshell Review
          :
        
        ...Perhaps I would have enjoyed it a bit more if the stories are linked more than just thematically, although this may be sticking to the same old formula already done to death by cinemas from around the world....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Pankit Narang, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...Speaking of performances, both Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra pull it off brilliantly and share a lovable chemistry on screen!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...Independently and collectively, the three love stories divided in three different eras of TERI MERI KAHAANI do accomplish at portraying how our lives are influenced and even revolutionized by the times we live in. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...fun and hearty flick...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shalu Dhyani, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ... You may connect with one or two of them but it is unlikely that you will connect with all three....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Suparna Sharma, 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Teri Meri Kahaani is actually teen prem kahaniyan, all three starring Priyanka Chopra and Shahid Kapoor and one minor speed bump. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Aakanksha Naval-Shetye & Chaya Unnikrishnan, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...But if there’s one reason why you may not completely mind having spent the cash on the ticket after all is Shahid. Charming and versatile, he breathes life into each of his otherwise predictable characters...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Samrat Sharma, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...None of the treatments is authentic or even novel, but the leads add their own touches to all three couple each, and make you have a good time....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...The recreation of 1960’s Mumbai is superb, but at times looks amateurish and fake...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Sukanya Verma, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Kohli dilutes the chance of a wholesome, affable entertainer down by his predilection for risk-free conclusions. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Ruchi Mehta, 
        
          
             Roochster
          :
        
        ...All in all Teri Meri Kahaani is nice but could have been way better....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Resham Sengar, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...The foot tapping songs such as “Mukhtasar”, “Uff” and “Humse Pyaar Karle Tu” are well-written, melodiously sung and deftly choreographed....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Baradwaj Rangan, 
        
          
             Blogical Conclusion, The New Sunday Express
          :
        
        ...Kunal Kohli’s Teri Meri Kahaani is the other kind of bad movie. There’s nothing aggressively bad about it, but there’s nothing good either – and there’s something frustrating when a film that could amount to something ends up being nothing. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...The inspired concept of a love story happening in 3 different eras simply takes you no-where....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...it does not have a strong enough story with a central theme to tell ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Danish Bagdadi, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...We have in the past tolerated twelve Priyanka Chopras in a single movie so three shouldnt be a big deal. Three Shahid Kapoors on the other hand is quite a handful as I had to learn the hard way. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Ameetbhuvan, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...plays out as a school college skit of ten minutes stretched to fill a two odd hour time period...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Blessy Chettiar, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...Yawn....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Deepa Deosthalee, 
        
          
             Film Impressions
          :
        
        ...while the characters look and dress like they were in 1960 and even dance to a Shankar-Jaikishenesque party number with Priyanka's tightly wound glittering sari evoking memories of Mumtaz in Brahmachari, they speak like they are people from 2012 who boarded a time machine to the '60s. Neither the dialogue nor the adas of the time are evident....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...Solid acting can’t save jaded Mills & Boon stories told over three generations...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...just gloss...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...But if we are to stay interested in watching the same two people fall in love for two hours, the writing and performances really have to sparkle. Sadly here, neither does. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...soulless, superficial ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Fatema Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...Cosmetic and superficial, Teri Meri Kahaani is filled with cliche’s and a misplaced heart that depends on its sets and costumes to tell its story....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...Kohli reveals no other obvious reason to make this film other than cash in on whatever draw his lead pair - onetime lovers whose romance went bust in real life - could garner....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...'Teri Meri Kahaani' is certainly not going to be counted amongst their best, and I'm being kind when I say that....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Gaurav Malani, 
        
          
             indiatimes
          :
        
        ... artistic restoration cannot make up for literary loss!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Priyanka Ketkar, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Shahid Kapoor is undoubtedly superb....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shaheen Parkar, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...There is nothing unusual in the story or direction department and the climax which does a yo-yo across time spans is enough to cause travel sickness...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Interesting premise/plot, fine performances by the protagonists (Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra), however lacklustre writing lets the film down!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ... pretty much like the loves of the film’s male protagonist – it pours out all it has. But what it has simply isn’t enough....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Teri Meri Kahaani could have worked better if all energies were used in making one perfect love story rather than having three faulty ones. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shilpa Jamkhandikar, 
        
          
             Reuters
          :
        
        ...if it hadn’t been for the chemistry between his two leads, “Teri Meri Kahaani” would have been a complete loss....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ... much ado about nothing...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...Cinematography is rather lackluster having most of the shots in bad chroma....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Anuj Kumar, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...Kunal Kohli’s story fails to stand the test of time...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sudhish Kamath, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...manages to feel longer than the sum of the Wasseypur films. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Madhureeta Mukherjee, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Kunal Kohli, in an attempt to create a large canvas to paint this love-story - (using centuries, barriers of cultures, castes, customs and costumes) - simply doesn't make the crossover (to the audiences, that is)....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Mr Care, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...With no redeeming cinematic quality, TMK is the kind of film that, if it does make money, will do so on basis of promotion dollars and star power, with very little substance to merit true success. One can't expect an audience to like every kind of cinema, so it's ok if they don't accept a Shanghai or a Wasseypur. But one can hope they use this same discretion to also reject poorly made films. That's all one can do. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Kunal Guha, 
        
          
             yahoo! India
          :
        
        ...It would be easy to pick 100 reasons but one of the popular arguments would be: lack of anything that you’ve not already seen before....

            full review
          

          193 tweeters(?)
          -
          94 yays
19 so-so
80 nays

zangbangrockers:
          Teri Meri Kahaani........ Awesome Movie...................... Shahid Love Story Became Complicated
        
YrulesYogi:
          Awesome movie TERI MERI KAHANI.....
Must watch it....
        
xofatty:
          Teri Meri Kahani was absolutely perfect :')
        
VJAnusha:
          Just saw Teri Meri Kahaani with my BFF @suzelicious... Such a great Film! @priyankachopra @shahidkapoor such a great job, really loved it!
        
VinnieThapar:
          saw "TERI MERI KAHANI" yesterday... awesome movie loved it @shahid kapoor looking awesome, cute spectacualr..
        
Vijaay6:
          Teri meri kahaani nice 1time watch movie , i liked it .
        
vidhi92:
          saw teri meri kahaani for the 2nd time.. <3 @shahidkapoor n @priyankachopra ...love u both a lot.. :) u guys rock...
        
VaibhavRajender:
          Loved Teri meri Kahani @shahidkapoor @priyankachopra @kunalkohli amazing performance. Im not a movie maker but if I was then TMK my choice
        
umang_rockstar:
          Teri Meri Kahani...........gud gud !!!!!!
        
ThisIsHimanshi:
          watched teri meri kahani,@shahidkapoor  and @priyankachopra  did awesm work...........
loved it........
n also luved pc n sasha in the movie
        
TheSaraLife:
          Teri Meri Kahani!
Such an aww movie! <3
        
tarnpreetbains:
          Teri meri kahaani was actually the cutest bollywood movie I've seen in a while #needtogoagain
        
TamannaKhurana1:
          TERI MERI KAHAANI is GREAT....!!!!!!!!!
        
swetaa_patel:
          Teri Meri Kahaani... SO AMAZING AND CUTE. Laughed, cried, and said aww a hundred times. @priyankachopra and Shahid <3
        
Sun1987ny:
          Hello priyanka ji you  i see you are movie teri meri kahani is nice
        
Simran_simmu:
          watched teri meri kahani movie was good n shahid was awesome ,shahid ur dialogues n piggy chops lukin so cute in the role of radha .. :))
        
simirbedi:
          Teri Meri Kahaani...... Liked it..!!
        
Siddizzy:
          Teri meri kahani is such a good movie loved it :)
        
Shonali_c:
          saw teri meri kahani today liked the pair... @shahidkapoor  & @priyankachopra  can say a good movie..
        
Shilpszzz:
          Teri Meri Kahani: Quite Good! http://wp.me/pZLOe-uA

shashid143:
          watched teri meri kahani today, awsome movie , loved very much, especially priyanka's expression in 1910 scene and shahid's shayari.
        
Shahid_Loverz:
          Teri Meri Kahaani is a well-narrated breezy love story, with beautiful moments. Shahid Kapoor delivers one of the... http://fb.me/19SFZBlHy

shahids_chick:
          Loved loved loved teri meri kahani @shahidkapoor :D love that javed wala part <3
        
ShahidGermanyFC:
          ARTICLE: @shahidkapoor on #TMK It's an entertaining, breezy and romantic comedy set in three different time periods http://www.thenational.ae/arts-culture/film/three-times-the-love-shahid-kapoor-on-teri-meri-kahaani

ShafayMunir1:
          Teri Meri Kahani..................Awsome Movie.............!!!!!!!!!!!
        
SethiEshita:
          Teri Meri Kahani..super cute..fell in love with Shahid each time he occupied the screen space..and Priyanka Chopra is soo beautiful !
        
saurabhthekkr:
          #terimerikahani Just watched teri meri kahani......Awesome! movie :-)
        
SapzzzB:
          Teri meri kahaani is an amazing film. 'I'll marry her 4 times then' ye I cried
        
sanamanjuman:
          Just saw teri meri kahani with my frd, very good job by priyanka chopra and sahid kapoor and kya timing h sayari ki wah wah
        
samiajamil:
          watched Teri Meri Kahaani last night loved that movie :D
        
SalmanKhan_Army:
          Loved Teri Meri Kahaani! @shahidkapoor and @priyankachopra were Amazing!!! :))
        
SabrinaBieberC:
          Teri Meri Kahaani Yesterday was amazing. Priyanka and Shahid both looked so amazing. Loved their acting and them as a couple. Just wow ♥
        
Saaaaanch:
          Saw Teri Meri Kahaani! An awesome movie!
        
ruticapatel:
          Teri Meri Kahani <3
        
roxxx_sid:
          todays show teri meri kahani superb!!
        
rituchib:
          I liked it... RT @MovieWeekly magic of the 60's, simple yet very appealing http://owl.li/bJO9w (review) Teri Meri Kahaani
        
rishika87:
          "@jaymomusic: My verdict on Teri Meri Kahani-   7\10" @ErosNow
        
Richasangwan:
          teri meri kahaani is supeerrr cuteee flick :* watched it with my mom and enjoyed. :D <3 @priyankachopra
        
Reshmika_S:
          Beautiful movie☺ #teri meri kahaani ♥
        
replynsk:
          just watch teri meri kahani superbbbbbb, priyanka can  easily be  move in to any role of any decade......just awsm ...loves most aradhana
        
ReashaB:
          Just watched teri meri kahani- such a cute movie. My favourite shahid kapoor character had to be Javed :)
        
raxit_s:
          I AM WATCHED SAHID & PRIYANKA 'S MOVIE "TERI-MERI KAHAANI" THE MOVIE WAS SO......NICE .....AND SHAID & PRIYANKA GOOD JOB IN THE MOVIE...!!!
        
randallhundal:
          teri meri kahani was beyond amazing. #loveyou #bestbf
        
PrashantGrgg:
          Just watched Teri Meri Kahani.. great movie..:) taught me a lot :)) I sense a change in you Prashant!! :D
        
pranjal89:
          teri meri kahani......awsomeee movie...
        
poonamsadani:
          watched TERI  MERI KAHANI loved it...............SHAHID rocks.....PC n SHAHID.. make gr8 couple together...CUTE MOVIE
        
pathfynderblogs:
          Catch "Teri Meri Kahaani" for some light entertainment and small pleasant moments, as well as power-packed... http://fb.me/16vZWw6FA

NeelshTiwari:
          #Teri Meri Kahaani..मस्त मूवी है बॉस !
        
nattsimran:
          teri meri kahani rocks...............!!!!!
        
NASEEMMANSOORY:
          great movie teri meri kahani!!!!
        
MrSaturdayNight:
          watched Teri Meri Kahaani with @KajalMaharaj last night...was a pretty fun movie.
        
mrinalinijena:
          2dy i watchd teri meri kahani.its awesome.i <3 it..n priyanka n shahid rock.i <3 dem both........
        
monaaa18:
          Teri Meri Kahaani was awesome! This girl @Lourdecris kept hitting me like a crazy fan girl whenever Shahid Kapoor showed up. Lol!
        
me_ashishmodi:
          Spent Awesome 3 hrs with Teri Meri Kahani...
        
mayurtrivedi_24:
          Aftr Wtchng Teri Meri Kahani mah mind blockd.. Bukws mve..Fuckd  :(
        
mayurmakwana7:
          it was nice movie teri meri kahani relly like it now wait for the upcoming gujarati movie kevi rite jais
        
mamtajdaswani:
          Watched TERI MERI KAHANI @kunalkohli @shahidkapoor great job
        
maaryum:
          Teri meri kahaani!!! #socute #mustwatch #shahidkapoorpleasemarryme
        
lost_server:
          Teri Meri Kahaani ws Just Awesome.. Loved The College Scene N 1910 Scene!! As Always Movie Ws Good .. Aftr All It Ws Shahid Kapoor!! <3
        
LavanyaJaikant:
          lloovvee TERI MERI KAHANI... <3 <3 <3
        
khantoru_24:
          Teri Meri Kahani....! nice film...! love was pure...! my love %age again 100 nw in heart...!
        
KashifMSyed:
          A Sunday well spent.. Teri Meri kahani !!
        
Kakewaheguru:
          JUST WATCHED TERI MERI KAHANI...... a perfect movie to watch this monsson.... Just loved it... :)
        
JazzyBelle44:
          Watched Bollywood movie Teri Meri Kahaani - loved it!!! Totally infatuated with Shahid Kapoor ... #eyecandy
        
jaymomusic:
          My verdict on Teri Meri Kahani-      7\10
        
iAshiXo:
          Just watched Teri Meri Kahaani and both of you were superb. @shahidkapoor @priyankachopra I loved the 1910 story in Sargoda <3 Magical.
        
iamangana:
          If you are in love or you love romantic films..u will love Teri Meri Kahaani..3 stories told in such a beautiful manner :) @priyankachopra
        
Harshitpandya3:
          Nice movie teri meri kahani...
        
Hari12778:
          Teri meri kahani, defo a watch! Soulful music, 3 stories all one meaning... If its meant to be it will be! :)
        
GurjeetSany:
          Saw "Teri Meri Kahani"liked it a lot and must say Best film of Your's as an Actress after "Fashion".
        
gautamk67064948:
          Saw Teri Meri Kahani at Directors cut..experience was WOW for both movie and the hall..Shahid seem to be moving swiftly to become Hero no 1
        
gaurav0215:
          i watched TERI MERI KAHANI N i like the movie
        
eranna4RGV:
          priyanka performance is too good in teri meri kahani..........the movie is gud 2 watch once
        
divinepragya:
          juzz  wachd teri meri kahaani guyzz  full  on  entertainment ..  love it♥♥♥♥♥
        
deepakrampuriwa:
          enjoys a movie today....TERI MERI KAHANI......its quite good http://twitter.com/deepakrampuriwa/status/217303973894430721/photo/1

bsnp459:
          Teri meri kahani was amazing! Especially when you watch it with the one your in love with<3 best day ever! 
@priyankachopra @shahidkapoor
        
bollyw00dbarby:
          Teri Meri Kahaani :) Oh My Cuteness <3
        
bhavu_1:
          teri meri kahani awesome movie................... shahid u rock in tmk ......... muaaah
        
Bhaveshuttekar:
          TeRi mERi KaHAAni Is AUsaM moVIE.............. No WORd ToO DIScrIBE It.............
        
being_hunnyy:
          Watched Teri Meri Kahaani last night, both @shahidkapoor and @priyankachopra looks great" chemistry dono ke beech bahut achi" loved it..!!
        
bbythilo:
          #FavouriteMovieQuotes every line from teri meri kahani!♥!
        
AshleySharma16:
          Cried towards the end of the movie....a lot....Teri Meri Kahaani is one of my favorite movies now :D
        
Anki026:
          Teri meri kahani cute movie.
        
AngrySurdd:
          Teri Maa Ki #SameThing @agarwalnaina: TMK ~ Tees Maar Khan - Teri Meri Kahaani ! #SameThing
        
Anam_Junaid:
          Teri meri kahaani is awesome! Love! @shahidkapoor n @PriyankaDaily are my favourite. They make the perfect pair <3
        
aMmuSiD:
          Just watch teri meri kahani !! its an awesome movie !!
        
amir90jazz:
          Latest story...... teri meri kahani... I like very much...
        
AminaMashal:
          My new favorite movie: Teri Meri Kahaani.
        
AmbyObe:
          teri meri kahani iz one f d most owesum luv stories i hav eva seen...shashu i hav been a fan f uh,,,,,n u neva let me down thnq
        
amanlovespc:
          teri meri kahaani...awsmmmm movie yr..gr88 work shahid bhai n priyanka
        
amalaraye:
          teri meri kahaani super duper hit woooooooooooooooow love u shahid & priyanka chemistry @shahidkapoor @priyankachopra
        
aishahrobo:
          Teri Meri kahaani was damn good. Like seriously awesome nyehehe so happy I got to watch it!
        
7reuben:
          #teri meri kahaani is one of the Best Bollywood film i watched !
        
5wapniltweets:
          Watched Teri Meri Kahani ! Worth a watch esp. If u r in love moreover wid @priyankachopra !!! Gorgeous and Peeceelicious !!
        
TheFilmySharma:
          Who got the satellite rights of teri meri kahaani? Its a satellite friendly film. Though I'm sure theatrically its almost gone. @FILMWAALA
        
TarunAdnani:
          Didn't find Teri Meri Kahaani that bad. Below expectations but still worth a watch.
        
tanvi_pruthi:
          watched teri meri kahaani... average movie.. 
@shahidkapoor  and @priyankachopra  rocks . they acted well and their chemistry awesome.. !!:D
        
s_jacoblover:
          Teri meri kahani, gosh I would give it 2 stars. ooo but loved the 2012 PARTTT :D
        
Sonanarang:
          Watched Teri meri kahaani n Brave back to back yesterday. Teri meri was ok. Shahid looked cute n chocolaty as ever. Priyanka was spoiler !!!
        
sanjayshenoy:
          Teri meri Kahaani...once watchable movie..the 1910 part was the better one..good music by Sajid- Wajid
        
sandy_720:
          Teri meri kahani..
Ok type movie., not very gud
        
Naadaan_Parinda:
          My Views on 'Teri Meri Kahaani' : It works mainly at Bombay and London parts ..narration & Lahore part big let down http://bit.ly/MnVZhL #fb
        
MeOww_Megha:
          Teri meri kahaani was just okay, I'd give a 2.5/5 but good acting by Priyanka and Shahid!
        
luganikaran:
          Teri Meri Kahaani.....Ok Ok..! :|
        
KhanvazirVinit:
          Just Saw Teri Meri Kahaani........Muvie Is Ok  Ok.......!!! but still acting n pairing of Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra is nice...!!! :)
        
ketakijoshi1:
          Teri Meri Kahani - The sets of old Mumbai & sp effects are awesome! Costumes r not! Acting is OK! Stories are predictable! Gud weekend watch
        
jottypoet:
          Teri Meri Kahani - good screen play but story line is botched up
        
jetdonkeycom:
          Teri Meri Kahaani Review: Average Kahaani: Directed by Kunal Kohal, it's a romantic drama movie starring Shahid ... http://bit.ly/OhChZ0

HaarshaB:
          Got my Bollywood fix on the weekend. Watched Teri Meri Kahani with @priyankachopra & @shahidkapoor good performances. Not sure if I like it
        
dux_saxoniae:
          Watched Teri Meri Kahaani tonight. The story was rubbish, but the visuals (costumes, cinematography, production design)... just wow.
        
dhawalsrvstv:
          #Teri Meri Kahaani was not so good neither so bad..Its was theek thaak as we say it in #hindi.
        
deepakgahlot71:
          teri..meri kahani is above average...i expected more from above average...
        
aish6:
          Saw Teri meri kahaani my favorite story was Javed and Aradhna! So cute love ittt!! Movie was okay first half was aite second half was cute!
        
Zaibi997:
          Disappointed with KUNAL KOHLI.After making FAANA how can he make useless TERI MERI KAHANI.Feeling bad fOR Shahid Kapoor.
        
waseems4008:
          #teri meri kahani... 3 flops in a single movie :O
        
wada_ngo:
          'teri meri kahaani' was a shit movie ..except for this new actress
        
V_Ked:
          Teri Meri Kahaani (TMK) will force you to abuse the director with the gaali starting with the same initials as the movie!
        
VyankateshK:
          Teri Meri Kahaani, absolute waste of time. Rating: 3/10 #NoStory #MovieCritic
        
vimaltweet:
          Teri meri kahani... Wtf is the movie about???
        
vedankit:
          Teri meri kahani is total waste of tym, boring movie #TMK
        
UthTime:
          Teri meri Kahani...HAS NO FREAKIN 'KAHANI' http://fb.me/UxypTx6T

tycoongp:
          What a sick movie - teri meri kahani. @priyankachopra pls dnt spoil ur image in such movies. It hurts.
        
TheSilverSlash1:
          Why did I come for Teri Meri Kahani?
        
TheRnjith:
          Instead i went for teri meri kahani - Absolutely ridiculous, lousy concept, worse acting, poor screen play and then Madagascar3 Back-to-Back
        
TheMantallBwoy:
          Saw 'Teri Meri Kahaani'. Undoubtedly, the best part of the movie was Interval.
        
TheHunknoman:
          teri meri kahani.... ToO bOrinG :(
        
TheFrenchDarjee:
          Teri Meri Kahaani : Such a pathetic moviee.. uff ! Sat through the torture cuz there was no electricity at home..! # BSES sucks!
        
TaniaJadwani18:
          The movie 'Teri Meri Kahani' has no sort of 'Kahani' :|
        
synapsewitshrut:
          If people have seen Teri Meri Kahani and proclaim they loved it... i will judge u... like seriously wats wrng with ur sensibilities people.
        
SulavLoktam:
          Well Teri Meri kahani was disappointing #bollywoodmovie
        
sudnigga:
          Final Plug: My Review of Teri Meri Kahaani - http://www.sudeepnigam.com/2012/06/teri-meri-kahaani-is-most-generic.html if you missed it over the weekend :)
        
sud1sha:
          Teri meri kahani left like a documentary film :\
        
srijan4u:
          Teri meri kahani.... Nt at all good..
        
SomyaSaxena:
          Teri Meri Kahaani was boring and repetitive.
        
softysean:
          Teri meri kahani- bakwas movie...! Grr
        
ShubaEaswaran:
          Why on earth would anybody make a movie like Teri Meri Kahaani?! I just don't seem to understand o.O
        
Shrutzzpah:
          Teri meri kahani....YAWWWWNNN
        
Ships_:
          Teri meri kahani!!!!!! Total wasteeeeeeee
        
ShanthiniScott:
          Watched teri meri kahaani halfway. bad quality.
        
Scribbledpage:
          Halfway through Teri Meri Kahaani. Traumatized enough to eat a complete jar of peanut butter.
        
RuhiSGandhi:
          Saw teri meri kahaani over the weekend...nothing great !!!
        
ridz4eva:
          Teri Meri Kahani = more like a documentary of love in different eras... No connection, no concept, no sense.. Waste of money and time!!!
        
raorohit18:
          Boring mv teri meri kahani
        
RamyaaBarnaa:
          I watchd teri meri kahani tday.. Donno y Shahid chooses the same kinda films..com'on u can do so much better shahid
        
radzk5:
          Teri Meri Kahaani was awful!! #TMK
        
raazpatel:
          tuday i saw movie teri meri kahani
its just like the mausam movie
a boriiiiinnnnngggggggggg........ movie
fully paise pani me.....

#RaJ
        
Pyaaz:
          today is the bad day for me because iwatch teri meri kahani
        
Pirathamesh:
          Movies like 'Teri Meri Kahani' is the reason why Priyanka Chopra's Friends hesitate to buy tickets to see her :P
        
parikshit810:
          Guys,on the other hand,Teri Meri Kahani was a Flop & a bad one.No story,no head or tail,God knows what went wrong with Kunal?
        
ParidhiRaina:
          watched teri meri kahaani...wot a waste ov tym :p
        
padmakark:
          One has to watch Teri meri kahani till the end to see in the rolling credits who all were involved in it and take revenge on them later.
        
OyePakaaMat:
          Teri Meri Kahaani is the new Tees Maar Khan.
        
Nitya_Prakash:
          Whoever is responsible for 'Teri Meri Kahani' ought to be thrown in front of a moving road roller. No Mercy, No... http://fb.me/1JcNPCuC2

NakulShinde:
          Teri meri kahani is worse than England's performance yesterday. Yes, that bad.
        
NahataPriyanka:
          And I watched Teri Meri kahani and trust me it sucks!!
        
MovieReviews_MS:
          1/5 Review on Teri Meri Kahani by dheerajy1980 : Plz-do-no-watch - http://bit.ly/MQwGFz

MonikaAbdi:
          Teri Meri Kahani Super Duper Flop Wlhi #WestingMOney&TimeGrrrrr
        
mohitjain123:
          TMK ..tees maar khan then and now teri meri kahaani..dare not to watch any tmk again
        
mogambho:
          Yesterday Teri Meri Kahani gave me a big headache..

Still its paining
        
MehraSheetal:
          Very disappointed seeing Teri Meri Kahaani.
        
mattblackcube:
          Teri Meri Kahani = one PAINFULLY bad movie.
        
manisha_0410:
          Saw 'Teri Meri Kahani' Its like Mausam part 2. I was almost asleep in the theater! Looked an 4 hrs movies!! So boring! 2nd TMK!
        
MadhuNevatia:
          SABSE BAKWAS MOVIE TERI MERI KAHANI @priyankachopra
        
LavzD:
          How come people in Bollywood make such a crappy shitty movie like Teri Meri Kahani !!
        
Kush576:
          when u watch half the movie and u realize how horrible the movie is - Teri meri kahani !!
        
kmadhav:
          teri meri kahaani movie review in two words - Super Confusing !!!!!!  Like to solve puzzles rather to watch this movie
        
kalpanapandit:
          Just watched Teri Meri Kahaani in Tucson this evening...disappointed! The story line is very cliched..The second... http://fb.me/19N66vi5k

jaymenon007:
          Teri Meri Kahani....am wondering ...why Kunal Kohli needed to show three different era to tell us the same story !!! same dialogues !!
        
jamilaamira:
          Teri meri Kahani .., Uff !!!  waste of time :(
        
iamsmack:
          dis tym #TMK "teri meri kahani" sucked more dan d previous #TMK "tees maar khan"
        
iamSiwita:
          omg teri meri Kahaani is so boring film, stopped it after 16 mins ://
        
IAmPiggyChops:
          Teri Meri Kahaani: A flimsy script http://iampiggychops.com/teri-meri-kahaani-a-flimsy-script/ #IamPiggyChops
        
hudasyyed:
          Teri meri kahaani was NOT what I expected. Didn't even watch the whole thing. Meh
        
Harleen_Radha:
          teri meri kahaani ki tai tai phiss ho gayi :P
        
gauravprksh:
          Teri Meri Kahani : No story. Cheesy dialogues. Scene transitions very rough. But Shahid did some good work. My rating : 2/5.
        
FarwaHali5:
          Teri meri Kahani #wasteoftime
        
DitiShah:
          Teri Meri Kahaani is terrible...I can't believe I sat through the entire film!
        
dimaagkoshot:
          Where do you find 500 morons together? In a theater playing Teri Meri Kahaani.
        
devanshis99:
          Teri Meri Kahani horrible movie... :((
        
deepbatraz:
          Teri Meri Kahaani....not so gud
        
Chitrang0003:
          Yesterday, Back to back two movie.
Teri Meri Kahani( Hammered) and Gangs of Wasseypur (2nd Time). U R brilliant Anurag. Great Sense.
        
Bolly_Updates:
          "Teri Meri Kahaani" 2012's worst movie .
        
Bhupibuddy:
          yesterday.went to see teri meri kahani.n i was just thinking ,what the story is?.
        
ayechikne:
          Teri Meri Kahaani are the kinda movies  which make you believe that some movies are made just to convert black money to white...
        
AsmaVarada:
          hey.. watchd teri meri kahani..priyanka amazing as always..!!! but wt da film s al abt? so idiotic n boring,sry pc.luv ya bt nt da film..:-(
        
aslamrahaman:
          Avoid "Teri Meri Kahani" if you really value your hard-earned money.
        
Ashwin_Gopi:
          Teri Meri Kahaani; they cud have made it suck on only 1 level by focusing on 1 timeline. Instead the movie now sucks on 3 levels
        
ArshGadh:
          Watched Teri Meri Kahaani !! Mahabakwaas movie
        
Angell_Najm:
          "Teri Meri Kahani"
Totally a joko5ing and a boring movie >.<
        
amarshukla:
          Teri meri kahani was crap as expected but cinematography is very creative. Overall don't watch it lol
        
amardeep392:
          Teri meri kahani dekte dekte kitne log so gye yaar....aur kitne log th dhup se bachne k liye bs dekne gye ha ha ha
        
Akshyrocker:
          so boaring n bakwas movie : teri meri kahani* . . :-(
        
aaaditiaggarwal:
          Teri meri kahani... Bakwaas !! :(
        
          1 readers
          -
          1 yays
0 so-so
0 nays

            Want to Watch,
            by Akansha Talwar

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Sanya
: cool movie
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: British beating up Indians.
Language: Clean, mild profanity once or twice. 
Nudity & Sexual content: A few scenes talking about ‘sleeping around’
Concept: Love.
General Look and Feel: Bright, musical and vibrant. 


