
wogma rating: Switch channels if it's on cable (?)
For a film that is set in CCD where one would at least expect a cappuccino, the director takes a bean that is neither roasted nor dried out, brews it with rain water that floods the screen and serves with a teaspoon of salt.In the very beginning of the movie, an aspiring filmmaker gets money from a big-shot under one condition that he makes the financer's aide (an old hefty guy) the hero of the film. Rejecting the offer, the protagonist comes to a coffee shop from where the story kicks off. At the end of the 2-hour long movie, the movie felt like it had great potential to be the decade’s best unintentional comedy, had the filmmaker went on to make the film with that aide. The director of Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey would have spared us from the insipid tale of romance. Sometimes we make few decisions based on certain information. Many a times, they backfire; one such being my decision to watch Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey. I could go on blotting this page with negativity about the movie but I didn’t choose this film to do precisely that. There were concrete reasons that drew me to the silver screen. The symphony of the scintillating tracks by Achu & textbook beauty shoots of Gopi that looked glamorous in the teasers did appease the peeved mind. Though they occupy a fourth of the time space, song sequences alone can never make a poorly made film tolerable. Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey is another example that unique concept alone can never carry a film to the podium; in this case not even to the cafeteria of the stadium.
    
    This review is by  guest reviewer Harish S Ram. Harish S Ram is a self-indulgent film analyst who has a penchant for translating his opinions on the visual medium into the print medium. It so happens that he resides in the brain centre of South Indian cinema, Chennai. When not pondering over films, he is a part time automobile engineer and a full-time blogger.
    
      Harish S Ram also blogs at http://harishfilmviews.blogspot.in/.
    
    
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.No readers have rated this movie yet.This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None
Language: A little slanders
Nudity & Sexual content: Sensual depiction of women
Concept: Love can happen over a cup of coffee
General Look and Feel: Amateurish


