
wogma rating: Watch if you have nothing better to do (?) - That too only if you have promised yourself to watch every Amitabh Bachchan film.
    
  Everything is geared towards trying to create suspense. Thus killing it.There are so many things you know for sure when you are watching an RGV product. You know it will be loud and the camera will be all over the place. You know there will be some attempt, even if half-hearted to have interesting characters. You know ultimately, story will fall flat. On that last count, you always hope you are proven wrong. On the other matters though, there is very little to no hope for change. The trailer is not quite coherent and all we know is that there is a major revenge drama in store. However, there is one thing you knowf or sure when you are watching a film with Amitabh Bachchan. You will not be disappointed by the performance, regardless of the quality of the film and/or story. And that is all I need to make me want to see this one! Sarkar Rises Again releases on 12 May, 2017
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  The only word that comes to mind again and again is, “whatever”. As someone who has grown up on Amitabh Bachchan films and calls herself a fan of very, very few celebrities, it hurts to see him a film that has no hold whatsoever.Sure, he does his best as Sarkar. Just the movement of his eyes is enough to express doubt, conflict, anger, and so on. But then again if I wanted to watch his performance there are so many better films to pick from. I don't need to see one where everything else about the film wants to make you pull your hair. The other performers have to battle two things. One, their urge to stand against the pressure of performing in a film with Amitabh Bachchan (Sarkar). Two, the director's urge to amplify everything in an attempt to create suspense. Nothing else can explain the tone and voice of Amit Sadh (Sarkar's grandson, Shivaji Nagre) and the guy who plays Gandhi – just to affected. Sure Manoj Bajpayee and Ronit Roy hold their own but there is little for them to do. I think if you showed me any shot with Yami Gautam in it, whether or not I would recognise her I'd know she is from a Raj Gopal Varma film. Something about her styling and make-up makes her like any of the others. And the less we talk about the random scenes that Supriya Pathak and Jackie Shroff are offered, the better. Though more so when one of these two appear on screen, that's what Sarkar 3 feels like even otherwise - one random scene sewn after another. The only common theme through the film is to try to create suspense. But, each detail gives the suspense away. For example, body language is such a lovely tool at the hands of the actors. So much, the audience assimilates without realising.  But, the director chooses to not only zoom in to the eyes, the feet, the flicker of the fingers, he also lingers there a little too long. This tells you too much about the story. For a bit, I thought this was the intention - that the director did not want the suspense. But the climax tells you the opposite. This idea of mystery - to point the audience to the other direction and throw in something supposedly shocking - is the lamest way to narrate a thriller. The rest is the usual Ram Gopal Verma do. Dark rooms, loud drums, weird camera angles. In this midst, it seems out of place, but I am thankful that the purity of “jay dev jay dev” aarti (prayer) is retained. The decision is really easy. Pass this one, unless you have sworn to watch every single Amitabh Bachchan film. Yep, if you are the regular fan, you can easily give it a miss. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.
          2 readers
          -
          0 yays
2 so-so
0 nays

            Not Interested in Watching,
            by TimELiebe
: Didn't like the first two, why would I like this any more?

            So-So,
            by Abhishek

            So-So,
            by Fan
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Wasn't as impressive as the previous series of SARKAR.Wow - this review went up nearly a week ago, and I'm the first person commenting! Is the SARKAR series not that well-liked among film fans in India...?Not that I was rushing to see it, either - my comments under SARKAR RAJ pretty much sum up my feelings for this series. I'm a big fan of Amitabh Bachchan, but - naw, I'm gonna pass on this one.I think Ram Gopal Verma's  audience has lost faith in himDim lights, unusual camera angles, frequent long silent moments, heavy music replacing dialogues, camera fully focused on an irrelevant object thereby rendering other subjects present in the scene to get out of focus.  The RGV signature is amply present and unmissable.The dim light is the most annoying.  Would Sarkar never switch on the lights?Performance wise it is an Amitabh show all the way even if it is nowhere in his best 50 performances.  Amit Sadh is uneven, brilliant at times and bland at other times. Yami is thoroughly forgettable. Jackie Shroff thinks that he is playing the joker in the Batman series. Ronit Roy is strictly alright.Story could have been tighter.  Characters are half baked, no effort is done to explain their context, background, reasons for affinity/enmity towards Sarkar.  All this gives the perception of a contrived story.  But if a highly contrived and half baked Dear Zindagi can be applauded then why not Sarkar.  At least Sarkar has the scope of being made into a decent film.Going with a so-so instead of a thumbs down because I can imagine the very limited RGV fans enjoying this film.  And also for the fact that the same story and cast being directed by another director has the required steam to make a good film.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: A few gun fights
Language: Clean
Nudity & Sexual content: A bikni clad women frequents the screen. Though there's nothing sexual about it.
Concept: Power, revenge, whatever
General Look and Feel: Dark, Many scenes with very little light.


