
wogma rating: Watch if you have nothing better to do (?)
In Machine Gun PreacherThere’s nothing like a movie that jolts you out of your groove. A story about a man who is everything evil, who mends his ways because there’s too much wrong in the world anyway. Throw in a religious revelation and a testosterone-spewing conflict filled journey and you’ll have a “gripping” drama. Fortunately for Machine Gun PreacherMachine Gun PreacherHe decides he must relocate to Africa for missionary work, after building a (clean) successful construction business. While Butler  is blue-collaring up, Uganda and Sudan call out to him much like a prayer. Forgive my tone, but it's the exact same feeling one gets while watching the film. The film barely takes any time to establish his sudden transformation to a nice guy, let alone a really nice guy with a soul. It slowly then, transcends into an unbelievable film, and a story that isn’t narrated very well. 
A quick note about the scenes in Uganda and Sudan: the visual description is heart-wrenching. Through the course of the film he becomes sort of a holy warrior for the Sudanese orphans, saving them from the internal system. There, Machine Gun PreacherA quick note about the scenes in Uganda and Sudan: the visual description is heart-wrenching. Through the course of the film he becomes sort of a holy warrior for the Sudanese orphans, saving them from the internal system. There, Machine Gun PreacherGerard Butler  gives a stimulating performance, but a confusing one. He’s tough, alright. You’re afraid of him when he’s a violent no-gooder and you want to applaud him for having the nerve to uproot his life – but you cannot, for the life of you, move beyond how he reaches to such situations.
I’ve not read the book that this movie is based on (Childers’ memoir Another Man’s War) but the film adaption is just too easy. It waters down every other effort that the film makes to create, a visually gripping account of what happens when an eccentric character enters a world that is blocked out.
The biggest flaw though, is in Machine Gun PreacherI’ve not read the book that this movie is based on (Childers’ memoir Another Man’s War) but the film adaption is just too easy. It waters down every other effort that the film makes to create, a visually gripping account of what happens when an eccentric character enters a world that is blocked out.
The biggest flaw though, is in Machine Gun PreacherThe biggest flaw though, is in Machine Gun PreacherThe film leaves a lot unsaid, and this is a thought that might be considered unnecessary. My question is – couldn’t we have done without the politics? Butler needn’t have had to move from a psychopath to a half-saint. He could have been a regular guy with a genuine will to help – somehow, in the film you can’t decipher if he’s helping or assuming a high role of power to massage his own ego. 
You could watch the film for Butler’s performance – just don’t attempt to answer the question marks in your head.  

    
    This review is by  guest reviewer Swetha Ramakrishnan. Swetha Ramakrishnan is currently living and working in Mumbai. She's a self-confessed film enthusiast and can most likely be found talking to anyone and everyone about popular cinema and her love for SRK. 
    
      Swetha Ramakrishnan also blogs at http://swetharamakrishnan.blogspot.com/.
    
    
  
You could watch the film for Butler’s performance – just don’t attempt to answer the question marks in your head.  
    
    This review is by  guest reviewer Swetha Ramakrishnan. Swetha Ramakrishnan is currently living and working in Mumbai. She's a self-confessed film enthusiast and can most likely be found talking to anyone and everyone about popular cinema and her love for SRK. 
    
      Swetha Ramakrishnan also blogs at http://swetharamakrishnan.blogspot.com/.
    
    
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.No readers have rated this movie yet.This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Lot’s. Advised to only watch if you can sit through brutal realities of poverty and sexual/drug abuse
Language: Some expletives here and there 
Nudity & Sexual content: None 
Concept: Based on the true story Sam Childers 
General Look and Feel: Sproadically drags, some eye-opening scenes of the situation in Sudan and Uganda 


