
wogma rating: Add to 'must watch' list (?)
Paan Singh Tomar is a sports film that needed to be made. It's high time cinema took a look into the dark side of the pathetic manner in which sportspersons are treated in this country. And Paan Singh Tomar does that with empathy and sincerity.A quick word on what the Paan Singh Tomar trailer invoked. 

wow...what a relief to have a non rom-com finally!
Irrfan Khan ... woo hoo!
Tigmanshu Dhulia - certainly looking forward to his next.
A story about an "athlete turned dacoit". Whoa!
(Have been suffering from a bad backache and thus this short note. Will be well soon, I promise!)
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  Paan Singh Tomaris the angst of an athlete who did the right thing and tried his best to work within the system to get justice for himself and his family. But then he was pushed. Pushed beyond his limits. And then he turned into a revolutionary, what we call a dacoit. The irony, that he got more recognition as a dacoit than a sportsperson representing his country in international events, never stopped to boggle him. Does it bother us though? Then, why hasn't the situation changed in the last 40-50 years?





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Even now, the plight wouldn't have reached us if it were not for Irrfan Khan who plays Paan Singh Tomar. He completely bowls us over with his simplicity and then, frustrated aggression. Moreover, after Paan Singh turns into a dacoit rebel, the pride of a military personnel and a national-level sportsperson never leaves his eyes. He is very rooted in his cause and yet reminds you where his heart lies, time and again. 
Mahie Gill provides wonderful support by showing us why she is Paan Singh's vulnerability. And this must be that rare film when a character who plays a prominent part in the first half of the film disappears later and the disappearance seems justified. Paan Singh had to forgo his family life including his wife, after all.
Paan Singh Tomar invokes your curiosity by exposing the rebel Paan Singh before telling us about how he was as a sportsperson. That created just the right amount intrigue because as the flashback progressed you wanted to know how this simple, straightforward person took to becoming a dacoit. 
Paan Singh's achievements as an athlete is shown in good detail and so is his transformation into a person who had to take the law in his hands. The part where he becomes feared and successful as a dacoit is sorely missing. And that according to me is the film's biggest letdown. The meek and largely submissive Paan Singh suddenly becomes a dreaded outlaw and we are asked to take that as a given. 
And despite this major gap in the writing, Paan Singh Tomar is commendable and recommended watch because of the issue it tries to address. If there is one thing about sports in our nation that needs dire attention, it is the condition of and apathy towards our non-cricketing sportspeople.

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
Even now, the plight wouldn't have reached us if it were not for Irrfan Khan who plays Paan Singh Tomar. He completely bowls us over with his simplicity and then, frustrated aggression. Moreover, after Paan Singh turns into a dacoit rebel, the pride of a military personnel and a national-level sportsperson never leaves his eyes. He is very rooted in his cause and yet reminds you where his heart lies, time and again. 
Mahie Gill provides wonderful support by showing us why she is Paan Singh's vulnerability. And this must be that rare film when a character who plays a prominent part in the first half of the film disappears later and the disappearance seems justified. Paan Singh had to forgo his family life including his wife, after all.
Paan Singh Tomar invokes your curiosity by exposing the rebel Paan Singh before telling us about how he was as a sportsperson. That created just the right amount intrigue because as the flashback progressed you wanted to know how this simple, straightforward person took to becoming a dacoit. 
Paan Singh's achievements as an athlete is shown in good detail and so is his transformation into a person who had to take the law in his hands. The part where he becomes feared and successful as a dacoit is sorely missing. And that according to me is the film's biggest letdown. The meek and largely submissive Paan Singh suddenly becomes a dreaded outlaw and we are asked to take that as a given. 
And despite this major gap in the writing, Paan Singh Tomar is commendable and recommended watch because of the issue it tries to address. If there is one thing about sports in our nation that needs dire attention, it is the condition of and apathy towards our non-cricketing sportspeople.

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
Mahie Gill provides wonderful support by showing us why she is Paan Singh's vulnerability. And this must be that rare film when a character who plays a prominent part in the first half of the film disappears later and the disappearance seems justified. Paan Singh had to forgo his family life including his wife, after all.
Paan Singh Tomar invokes your curiosity by exposing the rebel Paan Singh before telling us about how he was as a sportsperson. That created just the right amount intrigue because as the flashback progressed you wanted to know how this simple, straightforward person took to becoming a dacoit. 
Paan Singh's achievements as an athlete is shown in good detail and so is his transformation into a person who had to take the law in his hands. The part where he becomes feared and successful as a dacoit is sorely missing. And that according to me is the film's biggest letdown. The meek and largely submissive Paan Singh suddenly becomes a dreaded outlaw and we are asked to take that as a given. 
And despite this major gap in the writing, Paan Singh Tomar is commendable and recommended watch because of the issue it tries to address. If there is one thing about sports in our nation that needs dire attention, it is the condition of and apathy towards our non-cricketing sportspeople.

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
Paan Singh Tomar invokes your curiosity by exposing the rebel Paan Singh before telling us about how he was as a sportsperson. That created just the right amount intrigue because as the flashback progressed you wanted to know how this simple, straightforward person took to becoming a dacoit. 
Paan Singh's achievements as an athlete is shown in good detail and so is his transformation into a person who had to take the law in his hands. The part where he becomes feared and successful as a dacoit is sorely missing. And that according to me is the film's biggest letdown. The meek and largely submissive Paan Singh suddenly becomes a dreaded outlaw and we are asked to take that as a given. 
And despite this major gap in the writing, Paan Singh Tomar is commendable and recommended watch because of the issue it tries to address. If there is one thing about sports in our nation that needs dire attention, it is the condition of and apathy towards our non-cricketing sportspeople.

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
Paan Singh's achievements as an athlete is shown in good detail and so is his transformation into a person who had to take the law in his hands. The part where he becomes feared and successful as a dacoit is sorely missing. And that according to me is the film's biggest letdown. The meek and largely submissive Paan Singh suddenly becomes a dreaded outlaw and we are asked to take that as a given. 
And despite this major gap in the writing, Paan Singh Tomar is commendable and recommended watch because of the issue it tries to address. If there is one thing about sports in our nation that needs dire attention, it is the condition of and apathy towards our non-cricketing sportspeople.

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
And despite this major gap in the writing, Paan Singh Tomar is commendable and recommended watch because of the issue it tries to address. If there is one thing about sports in our nation that needs dire attention, it is the condition of and apathy towards our non-cricketing sportspeople.
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      41 reviewers(?)
      -
      40 yays
0 so-so
1 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Nikhil Kumar, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...the film captures the barren, sun-scorched ravines of Chambal in a way that makes the khaki clad outlaws almost blend in with the landscape...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...RESPECT instead of Stars and Highly Recommended...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shalu Dhyani, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...While the first half of the film is flawless, the second half unfortunately doesn’t manage to match up to it. The film gets a bit sluggish in the second half. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...The lone aspect that weighs the film downward is the fact that the narrative totters in the middle of the second hour, when the story doesn't really move frontward....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Charu A Mahesh, 
        
          
             Buzz in Town
          :
        
        ...Despite all his ruthless ways, your heart goes out to PST and his gang of goons - for the simple fact that he is what our unjust society has made him. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...breaks rules and cries out loud that meaningful cinema can be equally entertaining like any rib-tickling masala film...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bikas Mishra, 
        
          
             DearCinema
          :
        
        ...Irrfan invests this character with so much of humanity that we as audiences knowingly stand by him even when he resorts to killing villagers to teach them a lesson. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...The movie brings into the spotlight the sad state of Indian sports and the apathy of the Indian government to its shining stars....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rony D'Costa, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Paan Singh Tomar is a biopic in a hurry. Perfect for a generation that has short attention spans and gets bored easily...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Kshitij, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Though at 2hrs15min the film is quite long, it doesnt quite seem as the first half is crisp and breezes past. The second half gets a little long drawn but still manages to grip you for most of it....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Akansha Naval-Shetye, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...It’s not the first time that director Tigmanshu Dhulia’s delving into the rustic terrains of the North, he did it with Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster too, and in this one, he takes us straight to the rugged ravines of the Chambal...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Blessy Chettiar, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...Goondaism looks as glamorous and acceptable as athletics, only because of Irrfan’s spectacular performance. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             Film Impressions
          :
        
        ...Dhulia has made a very realistic and stirring film, without the trappings of commercial cinema...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...it speaks the right things, shows the right facts and delivers a holistic catharsis of its protagonist....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ...This film plays straight, has a harsh tone and delivers its punches

with a subtlety and grace that mimics that of its lead characters....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...his relationships with the women in his life - mother, wife and daughter - are not explored in depth. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...Although the film slackens its pace a bit in the second half, the overall charm and aura is maintained. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...Irrfan does a fine job as ‘Pan Singh Tomar’. Check him in all those race scenes, he slips inside the body of an athlete so easily....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Paan Singh Tomar has good intentions but not enough emotional heft. 

I wanted to feel more. But what Dhulia and Irrfan do give us is a fascinating character who was at once, complex and childlike. He makes it worth watching....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...'Paan Singh Tomar' is made with great attention to detail, and paints an honest, realistic picture of an India few of us can claim to know. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Fatema H Kagalwala, 
        
          
             India Entertainment
          :
        
        ...If reports of a long and winding film being cut down on the editing table are true then the film suffers from this lack of an expansive perspective that usually takes germ at the writing stage.  However, the nuanced writing, of character and events, remains compelling and absorbing throughout....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...I went into 'Paan Singh' with trepidation, given that Tigmanshu Dhulia has only disappointed with his last few outings, losing himself in the sheer me-too ordinariness of 'Shagird' and the faux badlands of Saheb Biwi aur Gangster’. But this film redeems him, and shows him to be the same man who made the superb ‘Haasil’....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Subhash K Jha, 
        
          
             indiatimes
          :
        
        ...There are hurdles, and hurdles. And some impossible to overcome....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Arun Janardhan, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        ...Khan is less than convincing as an athlete but as a wronged man, he is powerful, especially in the scene at the police station where he realizes that his service to the country means nothing in day-to-day dealings with the administration....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shubha Shetty-Saha, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...Mahie Gill as Tomar's wife and other characters have nothing much to do, but nobody's complaining as Irrfan's compelling performance makes it difficult to take eyes off him.   ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...the dialogues are in such a pure North Indian Chambal dialect that the urban audience might face difficulty in deciphering it at times, though we cannot really blame the director for it as the language does add to the authenticity of the film....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Karan Anshuman, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...No praise is enough Irrfan's rendition of Paan Singh Tomar. You'd think he'd be unconvincing as a young, 20-something athlete, but goodness, when he first walks up to his coy wife in his army uniform, you won't believe what he's pulled off here....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Music by Abhishek Ray is completely in sync with the region shown in the film. A very well researched work....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Jaykumar Shah, 
        
          
             Planet Bollywood
          :
        
        ...A special mention to the cinematography by Aseem Mishra - You can see the versatility when you compare his three movies – Once Upon A Time in Mumbai, New York and Paan Singh Tomar. Tigmanshu Dhulia’s acquaintance with the region is beautifully captured by Aseem. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Aseem Chhabra, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...As the audience, we stand by Tomar despite some heinous crimes committed by him and his gang, just as in Kapur's film we supported Phoolan Devi's mad rampage against those who had wronged her. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Ruchi Mehta, 
        
          
             Roochster
          :
        
        ...3.5/5...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...The races are captured electrifyingly; you might have to stop yourself from clapping when the win happens. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ...Sandeep Chowta's background music lends support to the movie. One does wish though that the movie was cut short especially the latter half....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...Had it not been for Irrfan Khan, this movie would’ve fallen flat on its face. The way he breathes life into a few pages of history and brings Paan Singh Tomar to life is commendable....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sudhish Kamath, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...It's a gritty and difficult film to make given its moral ambivalence, and full points to the makers for even attempting to tell this story about a man who couldn't do anything else but run. And be on the run. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Pratim D Gupta, 
        
          
             The Telegraph
          :
        
        ...The supporting cast — Vipin Sharma, Zakir Hussain, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Rajendra Gupta — fit their roles to the tee....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Avijit Ghosh, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...In a country obsessed with overpaid cricketers, a biopic on a former national champion athlete is reason enough to celebrate. But Dhulia's film is much more. It is one of superbly crafted film that underlines the linkage of life, sports and society. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by The ThirdMan, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...The technicalities go well with the film and here one has to again mention the attention paid to detail and the superb use of real locations...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Kunal Guha, 
        
          
             yahoo! India
          :
        
        ...sprinkles just the right amount of winning moments and even the slower sequences have something to bite on....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...Mahie Gill as Tomar’s wife delivers a subtle yet beautiful performance. She is one actor who isn’t afraid of experimenting with roles so early in her career....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Komal Nahta, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Business rating:  1/5...

            full review
          

          268 tweeters(?)
          -
          263 yays
2 so-so
3 nays

___S_A___:
          What an awesum movie it was.........hatts of toh paan singh tomar.......movie
        
_PinkPari:
          " Paan Singh Tomar " : a stupendous film .
        
_anshulbansal:
          I won't mind repeating what many have already said... 'Paan Singh Tomar' is a good movie... Thumbs up for Irfan...
        
Yashooooooo:
          Paan Singh Tomar is a brilliant film! Irfan Khan gives a textbook performance on acting. Bollywood 'stars' must take note and learn!
        
wikiarya:
          Go watch paan singh tomar.
        
Wannabe_Spin_Dr:
          #PaanSinghTomar isn't just a movie,it's a ? on our system.Salute to all the unsung heroes of Indian sports. Salute Paan Singh Tomar.
        
vthakur85:
          wow ..just saw paan singh tomar unexpectedly .  movie appeals alot
        
vrigu:
          Do yourselves a favor.Go watch Paan Singh Tomar.Do the makers a favor.Don't pirate it.They deserve the money.
        
vkb5711:
          pan singh tomar...must watch everyone...brilliant movie!!
        
vivekpansari:
          Awesum Movie "PAAN SINGH TOMAR".
        
vivekbagrawal:
          Just saw the best of the year - Paan Singh Tomar!!
        
vineet_chugh:
          Pan Singh Tomar should not be missed! bolo haan http://wp.me/s2dKZS-pst via @wordpressdotcom
        
venonoso:
          Paan Singh Tomar restores faith in good and compelling Indian cinema. Best Indian film of the year so far. A must watch!
        
vedankit:
          Paan Singh Tomar suberb movie, tremendous work done by #Irrfan Khan. Tigmanshu and Irrfan duo rocked again after Haasil.....Kaho Haan. :)
        
varun_jain:
          Paan Singh Tomar- sublime irrfan, crafty dhulia, earthy dialect, intelligent casting & a motu patrakar. If only mahie gill hd mr screen psnc
        
vaishali_desai:
          Watched Paan Singh Tomar......superlative performance by Irfan khan,must watch!!
        
VaikhariK:
          #paan singh tomar.. awesome movie ! irfaan khan rocks
        
vaibhav_rowdy:
          Paan singh tomar.. Awesome movie... Awesome !
        
vabs21:
          #pan Singh Tomar is a Brilliantly Crafted Film. Inspired me to run a Extra Mile..Each Morning a Must watch
        
utsavpestry:
          "IRFAN KHAN" rocks 
PAN SINGH TOMAR a film mainly for our Government n the system which force many innocent 2 choose wrong and violent path.
        
twittsatish:
          Pan Singh Tomar - My Heart reaches out to U... (The movie is riveting and soulful - True sportsman's saga...)
        
tweet2vivek:
          Paan Singh Tomar is an fabulous movie. A man who won prizes for nation,  had Prize on his head.
        
TougherApollo1:
          Did i say that i watched "Paan Singh Tomar" first day last show... Amazing thats it...!!!!
        
Tomm_Dogg:
          I rated Paan Singh Tomar 9/10 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1620933

The_White_Queen:
          Paan Singh Tomar is amazing. Hats off to Irrfan for a mind-blowing performance. Guys, give a break to those family-dramas and see this one.
        
The_Vineet:
          Pan singh tomar ahh awesome movie..heads off to irfan khan..
        
TheMansoorShah:
          Paan Singh Tomar .. Lovely Movie
        
TejasBaldev:
          If Paan Singh Tomar doesn't move, probably nothing will.
        
Tangent_Ent:
          Awesome movie Paan Singh Tomar a must watch for everyone. #MovieBuff
        
sUshantRulZ:
          Saw Paan singh Tomar last nite.. nice movie..very well made..!! @irfanatam RESPECT !
        
surbhi_rakesh_3:
          Paan Singh Tomar!!!#MustWatch
        
supriyakapila:
          Paan Singh Tomar - Fantastic movie. Must watch.
        
SumitSJamwal:
          Mirror to the society #Paan Singh Tomar
        
sudeep817:
          PAN SINGH TOMAR is a must watch,perfect example to understand the sports condition in India,kudos to Tigmanshu dhulia....
        
srutiagarwal123:
          Paan Singh Tomar. One of the finest Bollywood movies I have seen in may be a year. Double thumbs up!!
        
SreejaNair18:
          Paan Singh Tomar. Must watch, amazing movie,in love with Irrfan Khan. Salute to all Army men and unrecognized sportspeople.
        
sranadive:
          Pan Singh Tomar, Rocks. tribute to unsung sports heros of India
        
spsunzan:
          Commendable, gr8 piece of work #unforgettable #PaanSinghTomar Bolo! YES +1RT @Irfanatam: http://minimalmoviepostersindia.tumblr.com/post/18778917998/pa
Loved the poster.
        
spranshu1:
          Paan Singh tomar is a must watch...
        
soumitradas:
          Paan Singh Tomar ... simply superb !!! Irrfan Khan is a treat to watch !!! #PaanSinghTomar #IrrfanKhan
        
soshalii:
          Watched Paan Singh Tomar, loved the movie. Irfaan Khan, my all time favourite was incredibly awesome!
        
skelkar07:
          Paan singh tomar - classic made by Tishu sir infinite thumps up Irfan khan u rock
        
sjoshipura:
          Paan Singh Tomar is so so AMAZING ! LOVED IT
        
Siddiotic:
          Delighted dat paan singh tomar is getting acknowledged like dis. Great movie,Great performance. Taking Indian athletics forward. @Irfanatam
        
siddharthmukund:
          race start karne ke bad..jito ya haro..finish line par karni hoti hai .......... Paan Singh Tomar ( a must watch if you like good movies)
        
ShyFyy:
          LPNY has been abandoned 15 minutes in for a second viewing of Paan Singh Tomar.
        
ShwetaKartik:
          Paan Singh tomar. Woah. What a movie. A must must watch.
        
shubhitrsb:
          Paan Singh Tomar- brilliant piece of cinema. No big names, just living characters and real actors. Irrfan, brilliant..
        
shraddzm:
          #Paan Singh Tomar #mustwatchfilm
        
shoppingaholicc:
          Hi All, I watched Pan Singh Tomar last weekend and I must tell you that this is a must watch movie. Such movies... http://fb.me/RYjgFvnh

Shaizy_sinner:
          Paan Singh Tomar awesome muvi marvellous job done by Irfan khan... justice to the character !!
        
Shagun_11:
          Watched Paan Singh Tomar yesterday. Amazing movie! India is home to so many unsung heroes and the most laid back police force!
        
shaanSAY:
          Just watched Paan Singh Tomar, brilliant concept, wonderfully described. Irfan Khan's one of the best performance.
        
shaangontia:
          meet dave watch Irffan khan's Paan Singh Tomar.... Awesome movie mano ya na mano @FacePalmMonkey
        
satanicenthu:
          In the mean time had a lucky chance to watch Pan Singh Tomar this Saturday. #SuperFuckingAwesomeFlick
        
sarthak:
          Paan Singh Tomar is good. Go Irrfan and Tigmanshu! http://moifightclub.wordpress.com/2012/03/03/paan-singh-tomar-dear-tigmanshu-welcome-back/

saravagi:
          Paan Singh Tomar. Brilliant! @Irfanatam never disappoints! Bravo!
        
santy610:
          paan singh tomar -- brilliant movie.must watch
        
santoshgautam:
          "Paan singh tomar" is a excellent movie.must watch it.
        
sanket_rathi:
          Paan Singh Tomar is a MUST watch..
        
sangwe_2288:
          Paan Singh Tomar-brilliant [email protected] ...very good issue put to public...
        
SANDIE231:
          A movie you should watch before you die "pan singh tomar" #irrfan
        
sameer_ahuja:
          Pan Singh Tomar - An excellent movie, must watch, amazing acting by Irrfan. Should b Indian entry for Oscars @ankash1009
        
Sakshify:
          Super duper loved.. pan singh tomar... a must watch
        
Saketchourasiya:
          Well let me give the honest review of Irrfan's Paan Singh Tomar - ****1/2. I was always a great fan of Irrfan. Awesome movie.
        
saikumar0329:
          "Paan Singh Tomar"-the best movie i ever watched.
Irrfan sir-u r really a prodigious and mesmerizing performer in the film industry
        
Sadhogopal:
          "Bhihad me baagi hote hain. Daket milte hain #Parliament me." #Paan Singh Tomar a masterstroke by @dirtigmanshu
        
roopade:
          Paan Singh Tomar. Beautifully written and directed, with a smashing performance by Irfan Khan and other stellar cast. Go watch!!
        
rojajimmy:
          Paan Singh Tomar... What amazing reality... Loved.. #Bollywood has some gold. #fb
        
RohitChanda:
          "Pan Singh Tomar" makes much more money than "London-Paris-New York".. Indian audiences are maturing..Craze about foreign locations is gone.
        
rohansippy:
          Paan Singh Tomar- best Hindi film I've seen in a LONG time, brilliant writing & directing by Tigmanshu. A must watch!
        
rohanshah03:
          3 words for great Indian Cinema: Pan Singh Tomar. *bows down* @ankash1009
        
rohancdesai:
          +100 "@debasishmisra: Request everyone to do themselves a favour. Go watch Paan Singh Tomar."
        
Rocky_inDelhi:
          Paan Singh Tomar movie is just too awesome!! #IRRFAN rocked!!! he deserve to get a best actor award!!
        
rkscom:
          A good prod w/ good intention always wins RT @cynicalVS Paan Singh Tomar: if mktg guys don't know how to mkt a good film,what good r they?
        
RjSucharita:
          Seriously, if you haven't seen it yet, you don't know what you are missing out on. Drop everything, and go watch Paan Singh Tomar. DO IT !
        
rjramitjain:
          PAAN SINGH TOMAR ZINDABAAAAAD
        
RjPanna:
          Yesterday saw Paan singh Tomar....aaaawsome inspiring movie... direction....dialog...irfaan--kamaaaal..
        
Ritetwingnutjob:
          Pan Singh Tomar is sheer genius!
        
raviranjanyadav:
          PAAN SINGH TOMAR : Spending 3hr. for such a real life story is worthwhile.
One should learn from such movie.
        
raunakd02:
          wtchd Paan Singh Tomar,4-5 tims u'll clap , 4-5  tims u'll LYAO & finally it'll force u 2 brood ovr current state of unsung heroes of sports
        
Rangith:
          Paan Singh Tomar; None takes a dark road by choice, only because they are out of choice. A film dedicated to forgotten sports heroes #iLike
        
randeep007:
          js in awe of irrfan khan......hats off paan singh tomar.....
        
Rancho177:
          Pan Singh Tomar, a film every Indian shd watch to support the hardship of making true India tale of Unsung heros. Grt film, grt acting. Hit.
        
RakeshTheKumar:
          Paan Singh Tomar has been watched and I highly recommend it to everyone.
        
RajRomit:
          Paan Singh Tomar is The Film of 2012...Irfan khan should best Actor popular & Jury Award !!!
        
rajkaushal1:
          Paan Singh Tomar: Amazing. Irrfan Khan @Irfanatam : God
        
RAGiniGUNjan:
          Watched Paan Singh Tomar... Absolutely brilliant work by Imran Khan n Tigmanshu Dhulia..
        
raghuvendras:
          Happy to c that this world is still talking highly about surprise of the year Paan Singh Tomar. Irrfan, Tigmanshu, Sanjay Chauhan ki jai ho.
        
radhekrishna68:
          CONTENT IS KING
PROVES
'PAN SINGH TOMAR' http://fb.me/1m4Odgc4B

raaghavagarwal:
          paan singh tomar...an amazin n superbly crafted flick...restores da faith back in2 bollywood..!!!congo to the entire cast n crew.
        
puneettandon:
          Paan Singh Tomar is an amazing piece. Incredible performances by actors.
        
pullthemup:
          Pull up the karan johar types ask them to go watch paan singh tomar
        
Priyankamittal6:
          Watched Pan Singh Tomar...Irfaan khan has done a tremendous job..Shooted in Morena district, gwalior, chambal valley..Awesome..
        
preianka:
          What an amazing piece of cinematography!! Paan Singh Tomar! Salute!
        
PraveenDhawal:
          "Paan Singh Tomar " movie see before you die.......
        
PraTeeKAlmightY:
          Must Watch Paan Singh Tomar, Its Osam!
        
prashantjasani:
          Paan Singh Tomar is an absolute must watch hats off to irffan
        
Pooooja:
          Irrfan khan as Pan Singh Tomar lingers on in my mind...
        
piyushadeshra:
          Yet another exceptional performance by Irrfan in Paan Singh Tomar. Hats off to him!!!
        
parthpunter:
          Paan Singh Tomar...a must watch...saw a top class quality movie after a long time...Irfan khan should get national award...Hats off!!
        
pandyahardik4:
          If You Have 150rs. Then Go and Must Watch "Paan Singh Tomar", its really Great Movie. No word for IRFAN KHAN.
        
PaanSingTomar:
          My DP and Handle is tribute to Paan Singh Tomar
        
oglipogli:
          Take the zokham and go meet Paan Singh Tomar. Maybe it will bring out the baaghi in you.
        
nkumar_:
          Thanks to Irfaan khan and team that they bring the name Paan Singh Tomar in fame. May be system will take some hints
        
niveditabasu:
          Totally second that @rohansippy: Paan Singh Tomar-best Hindi film I've seen in a LONG time,brilliant writing&dir; by Tigmanshu. A must watch
        
nitishkulkarni1:
          watched pan singh tomar,great acting by irfaan khan and great direction by tigmanshu dhulia,irfan makes the character come alive,plz see it.
        
nitinjoshi:
          Watched "pan singh tomar" today. Irrfan khan excelled in the title role.. almost reaching the level of the cult "haasil" #mustwatch  #pst
        
NitashaPania:
          Pan Singh Tomar. Salute. #IrfanKhan #IndianAtheletes n the maker
        
nishika17:
          "pan singh tomar" realy good movie....
        
niravnirav:
          Go and support real cinema. Paan Singh Tomar's one of those, Tigmanshu and Irrfan have done a great job with the rest. Go and watch NOW!!!!!
        
nimeshnagar0707:
          Review of 'Paan Singh Tomar' by me (a Bollywood fan)

'Paan Singh Tomar' :- 4*

Paan Singh Tomar starring Irrfan (cont) http://tl.gd/g92pd7

NavdeepasrSingh:
          Just saw paan singh tomar
loved it really a master piece must watch movie for cinema lover
        
m_samina:
          The best part of pan singh tomar was the packed hall at pvr on a monday night.A good film always finds its audience.
        
m_atul:
          "Hum Dacoit nahi hai, baagi hain!!".. Irfan khan at his best..4 stars to Paan Singh Tomar
        
mybindi:
          'Paan Singh Tomar' a rare cinematic treat - Some films are meant to run that extra mile to go beyond being a mere ci... http://ow.ly/1hOlIE

MunibaKamal:
          Kahan kahan se kahaaniyan uthatay hain... Paan Singh Tomar, definitely a must watch http://youtu.be/enwaoPOO0Ik via @youtube
        
mukeshps:
          Irrfan Khan so charismatic ! For his mesmerising performance deserves each and every award for PAAN SINGH TOMAR !
        
moonbanerrjee:
          #Paan singh tomar is a must watch!super! N irrfan khan truely da most underrated khan of bollywood....kudos to da entire team!!
        
mohata_8:
          Absolutely loved Paan Singh Tomar...Irfan Khan...Stupendous ♥
        
mohan_amin:
          The King of Bollywood is neither Shah Rukh khan nor Salman Khan. Not even Amir Khan but Irfan Khan for sure! Go & watch Paan Singh Tomar.
        
mockingbird_vs:
          "Paan singh tomar" - very well-made. Substance is not compromised for style. But is the director's name really Tigmanshu ?
        
MissHimanshiC:
          Paan Singh Tomar~ one of the better Hindi films I've seen in a while and @brijkala was excellent as usual. Ofc Irrfan Khan is wonderful!
        
misschamko:
          Paan Singh Tomar: Lambi steeple chase ka ghoda. #Epicwin
        
mihirgandhi:
          Paan Singh Tomar a must watch for every movie lover..irrfan Khan simply superb acting & dialogues to watch outb!!!
        
meghnaSJ:
          Paan singh tomar- a fine biopic, that leaves you dissatisfied in a profound way.... Especially the ending......
        
mathewshijo:
          Paan Singh Tomar Excellent movie.......
        
Manvir_Bal:
          Pan singh Tomar is an amazing story
        
Manish_men:
          just watch Pan singh tomar.Gud movie and gr8 acting by every 1 specially irrfan khan.
        
manishdhar:
          Incidentally paan singh tomar has nothing 2 do with paan,beetle leaf or tobaco,its mere cinmeatic brilliance,1 man show as he crosses d line
        
malo_mk:
          Pan Singh Tomar!! wat an eye opener!! #sadbuttrue The Indian Govt shud learn something from this...they talk d talk, they can't walk d walk!
        
mahimametal:
          Paan Singh Tomar brilliant movie. A must watch!
        
MadInDHead:
          Pan Singh Tomar is a pleasant watch after the kind of movies we've been subjected to offlate!
        
madhurgupta02:
          your movie paan singh tomar is great n your work is once again admirable no [email protected]

Last_Bencher:
          'Paan Singh Tomar' - "Its one of those few movies which can make you proud of Indian Film Industry"! (Bolo Haan)
        
kraniket:
          paan singh tomar has been seen #betterlatethannever @irfanatam and tigmanshu dhulia RESPECT
        
KnottedSane:
          Just loved 'paan singh tomar'. Irrfan Khan is splendid! Superb characterisation.
        
KnotJinx:
          #Review Pan Singh Tomar: Irfan Khan was awesome. Movie has laughing & touching moments. The message through the story is commendable! 4.5/5
        
kishangadhvi:
          paan singh tomar is a stupendous movie..tak a bow irfan khan,tigmanshu dhulia..UTV..must say ronnie screwwala is a brave producer...
        
KetanSinh:
          Pan Singh Tomar a must watch! Brilliant film.
        
kartikmurali:
          Paan Singh Tomar is an absolute must watch,a wonderful movie and hats off to Irffan. Khan and the other actors .
        
karbhalla:
          In gym today, i will run like pan singh tomar ..its a nice watch, specially the vernacular dialogues
        
karankh:
          Never while any movie but irfan play real character wid real acting so cant stop crying when he shooted in paan singh tomar superb movie
        
kapilsaxe03:
          Class movie Paan Singh Tomar...Must Watch...****
        
Kanchanghosh67:
          Do yourself a favour and go see the movie 'Paan Singh Tomar' directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia.
        
Kamineycation:
          Detailed Review of #movie Paan Singh Tomar - 8.5/10 (A must watch) .. :) http://kamineyverdict.blogspot.com/2012/03/paan-singh-tomar.html

jyotirmoybose:
          Paan Singh Tomar: tight witty script, great direction, brilliant acting (Irrfan Khan), based on a true story. A must watch.
        
juxhotdude:
          watchd, paan singh tomar today. Great movie. Lovd it. Irrfan khan did a fantastic job. .
        
juppiee:
          Irfaan, the subtle khan pulls of an masterpiece. Paan Singh Tomar #Epicwin
        
jsjumaani:
          'Pan singh tomar' fantastic!!!
        
joshijaimin:
          Paan singh tomar-wonderful muvi after a long time. Irfan khan at his imperial best!
        
jimmysheirgill:
          I salute @dirtigmanshu,irfan khan and the team of PAAN SINGH TOMAR for giving us such a brilliant film..applause..
        
JeeEssKay:
          Totally loved Paan Singh Tomar, the movie couldn't have been any better than this. Amazing! #PaanSinghTomar
        
jayeshadnani:
          Paan Singh Tomar - One brilliant film .. A must watch ! Great job executed by Mr. Irrfan Khan. Keep it up (Y)
        
JainYahi:
          pan singh tomar mi sab mast hi
        
ithinkiamdumb:
          Pan Singh Tomar is not just a film its a movement!! ppl support it!! back it!!  u can even watch the real khan @ his best!!
        
ishaalmighty:
          21-gun salute for Irrfan Khan and Dhulia for Paan Singh Tomar http://shar.es/gIsQ1

irajadnani:
          A deserving 5/5 to Pan Singh Tomar. Truly an inspirational movie for all. A great performance carried out by Irrfan Khan. (Y)
        
INDRA629:
          Paan Singh Tomar: Great film.....Irfan Khan a nice act
        
IndiaGkTime:
          Bollywood : Tigmanshu Dhulia's film "Paan Singh Tomar" has once again proved that the content is king. It grossed Rs 4.25 cr in 1st weekend.
        
imrohitdawesar:
          Pan Singh Tomar,An Incredible Film with Incredible Direction & INCREDIBLE Irrfan. Watch it for sheer cinematic 'EXCELLENCE'!
        
impankajmani:
          haan bhai haan “@Last_Bencher: 'Paan Singh Tomar' - "Its one of those few movies which can make you proud of Indian Film Industry(Bolo Haan)
        
ilovemithunda:
          Two of the best Bollywood films on dacoits - Bandit Queen & Pan Singh Tomar, from the guru-shishya jodi of @shekharkapur & Tigmanshu Dhulia
        
ikarthikmb:
          Paan Singh Tomar a fantastic cinema! If you have not watched it watch it right now!!! Every 1 ll gt involved in the Character! flabbergasted
        
IbuHatela:
          Paan Singh Tomar is fantastic. Take a bow, @dirtigmanshu, @irfanatam, Aarti Bajaj. If only the bgm wasn't as bad.
        
iatulkyal:
          'Paan Singh Tomar' seems to be all set to become Dhulia's second consecutive hit after 'Sahib Biwi Aur Gangster'
        
iasrahul:
          Saw your Movie "Paan Singh Tomar", you and Irfaan rocked..........
        
iam_ishita:
          paan singh tomar that is ! Superb encounter ! #BraveMan
        
IAmTathagat:
          Paan Singh Tomar, if you like CULT movies!! RT @loudspeaker07 Any good movie realsed?
        
IamSidz:
          Paan Singh Tomar is a symbol of brilliance in Indian Cinema!
Hats off to @irfantam who pulled off a obscure (cont) http://tl.gd/g8tt73

iamadityaanand:
          'Beehad Mein Baaghi Milte Hain , Dacoit Milte Hain Parliament Mein'..saw PAAN SINGH TOMAR tday..amazin mvie..IRFAN KHAN gives a gr8 prfrmnce
        
humasqureshi:
          Paan Singh Tomar. Spell bound! Superb! Speechless!
        
hotzinfomedia:
          Paan Singh Tomar - Superhit
        
HiteshMehta:
          Very well made movie, Irrfan rocks! “@rohit_khurana: How's the movie "Paan Singh Tomar"? You seen it?”
        
hir_elect:
          If u wana know which KHAN is best in bollywood....then just go nd watch PAAN SINGH TOMAR......
superb movie.....
        
himanshusingh_9:
          "Paan Singh Tomar" amazing movie it reflects the bitter side of our soicety..!
        
HET4L:
          Irrfan Khan in Paan Singh Tomar! Truly Awesome \0/ RESPECT!!
        
harshjk:
          PAAN SINGH TOMAR MUST WATCH.
        
harshalacharya:
          Paan Singh Tomar nice simple story and cracking Irfan. relevant topic as corruption and neglect to other sports is something we even do now
        
hariyalidesai:
          One of the Best hindi films in recent times..Paan Singh Tomar..Well executed and a must watch..thoroughly enjoyed the film
        
HaatimTai:
          Paan Singh Tomar was an absolute delight. An amazing biopic by a sincere director played out by an outstanding actor *claps like a sir*
        
GuptaVaibhav:
          Loved pan Singh Tomar
        
GreenstoneLobo:
          If Paan Singh Tomar doesn't becom a HIT...then we wud be responsible...then we hv no one to complain abt bad movies except ourselves!
        
greatbong:
          Paan Singh Tomar: A brilliantly-acted, searing indictment of feudalism.
        
gopi_ar:
          Pan singh tomar. Super stuff! Thank you for the sub titles E square.
        
GhantaGuy:
          Paan Singh Tomar is the best movie of the year by a long mile. And definitely one of the best in last few years.
        
gautomsaharia:
          every indian sports lover must watch Paan Singh Tomar as a tribute to the unsung heroes of indian sports.
        
gauravmunjal:
          Pan Singh Tomar is a must watch! Brilliant movie.
        
gaurav99singh:
          Pan Singh Tomar...hats off to you. Amir khan, now thats what i call an oscar like movie...:-P
        
fairytale_end:
          u choose home cookd meal over a 5 star 1 n u choose a Pan singh tomar over a high budget film..masterpiece is too menial to describe it..!!!
        
emclub:
          Paan Singh Tomar is a must watch, great stuff as always by Irrfan Khan @MOHAMMED_umar @dr_imran
        
el_idioto:
          PAAN SINGH TOMAR (Hindi/Bundeli, Biopic/Crime/Sports, 2012):

A gritty, rustic, and an engrossing biopic about an... http://fb.me/1rlylksns

Elektronomist:
          Paan Singh Tomar #EPIC
        
dvirmani85:
          Paan Singh Tomar... Must watch.
        
DrSunilMaurya:
          Pan Singh Tomar, four out of five star, watch it for Irfan's Acting. Recommended..
        
drsudiptadas:
          Pan Singh Tomar...great fim, Tigmanshu and Irrfan rockkkkkkkk,are the Yash chopras, and Karan Johars listening....?
        
djmalik7:
          pan singh tomar will be the irfan  ji's sholey
        
dhruvpande:
          Watch paan singh tomar...so fucking good.
        
Dhirajmadje:
          PAAN SINGH TOMAR , Must watch...
        
dhairyatrivedi:
          Leave whatever ure doing and go watch one of the finest movies in recent times,Paan Singh Tomar!
        
dfuse_in:
          4/5 for this brilliant cinematic experience. Review: Paan Singh Tomar... http://fb.me/A0lTGwKj

Dev__T:
          'Pan Singh Tomar' is what we get when exceptional art touches a simple and yet sensitive topic.... epic!!  @Irfanatam
        
devsingh911:
          If you liked Haasil ...you will surely love paan singh tomar
        
deveshnayak:
          Saw Paan Singh Tomar yesterday. It a brilliant movie and Irrfan Khan is simply superb!
        
DesiWarrior1947:
          Q. Why Bollywood is million times better than Hollywood?  A. Paan Singh Tomar & Irfann Khan @utvfilms
        
deb_bombay:
          Just watched Pan Singh Tomar, great movie #PST
        
DaMantalBwoy:
          After busy in shifting for last 2 days...Sunday evening Pan Singh Tomar...and it is awsome...pls pls pls watch it...
        
Cool_singhjii:
          Watched "PAAN SINGH TOMAR" Its Pure...what an Act by @Irrfankhanind Loved dialogues, the mood and casting....
        
connectaditya:
          To not let the word of mouth spirit die down, go watch 'Paan Singh Tomar' in a cinema near you!  My Review here: http://j.mp/yDoXVH

CommonM06649192:
          kudos 2 utv 4 paan singh tomar...shud produce more such movies...
        
CineMagik:
          Here's my dedication to Paan Singh Tomar, the toast of the season http://bit.ly/AErRC1 #replug Achcha likha hai na... bolo haan :D
        
CHSandeep:
          I think after Udaan if there's one WOW movie, it is Paan Singh Tomar.
        
chitriyala:
          Paan Singh Tomar (2012) Movie Review: Rating 3.5/5: http://www.1blog.in/2012/03/paan-singh-tomar-2012-movie-review.html#.T1Wk5jCH3vs.twitter

cha_rahul:
          paan singh tomar....................fabulous movie.hats off to irrfan khan for such a grt performance.
        
Capputte:
          LPNY & Paan Singh Tomar have been watched - Bwood makes up for it's screw ups in the last few weeks. Really Impressed. :-)
        
business_virus:
          Irrfan khan is the male Vidya Balan of Industry .. Paan singh Tomar.. 2012's first awesome flick.. @MasalaBai
        
bulu_bab:
          irrfan n tigmanshu...watta combo...superb paan singh tomar
        
brijkala:
          Paan singh tomar is my best cinema.
        
bogeyno2:
          Non-Bollywood followers - Paan Singh Tomar is for y'all too - if you liked City of God & A Prophet or world cinema,you will love it!
        
blahssome:
          Some movies are more than just movies. Paan Singh Tomar was one such.
        
Blaaahhh_:
          Next years ke awards me agar Paan Singh Tomar ki line nahi lagi, chambal ki kasam awards dekhna chhod dunga..
        
Being_Shoeb:
          pan singh tomar...awesome muvi...loved it
        
BangeraSandy:
          Talk of the town. Paan Singh Tomar is a must watch. Or is it Mast-Watch?? Good reviews.
        
a_m_it:
          Now I am sure that Irrfan was born to Play Paan Singh Tomar.A treat to watch a Bollywood movie after a long long time.
kero mama...:)!!
        
AvI_sKdAs:
          #paan singh tomar# yet again all laurels to IRFAN KHAN for his powerful character n lead role# looks forward to watch it.....
        
AuteurMark:
          Arey kamino, ghar pe mat baitho. Daudo aur dekho, "Paan Singh Tomar." After that #LPNY Patane gaye Aditi ko lekin pata liya Zafar miyaan ne!
        
ashutosh074:
          JUST FEW HOURS AGO I WATCHED PAAN SINGH TOMAR....IT'S AN EXCELLENT MOVIE OVERALL........FIRST HALF WAS AWESOME N... http://fb.me/1aFu0oCQe

ashu81:
          IMDB rating of Paan Singh Tomar is 8.9 wow it actually deserves more then this "Bol haan"
        
ashokepandit:
          Anna Hazare ji and his team Shd.support Pan singh Tomar. It deserves spprt.
        
ashisharya562:
          Pan Singh Tomar. Ultimate performance. The Dialogues and delivery was impeccable by Irfan Bhai
        
ARUNAVADASGUPT2:
          PAAN SINGH TOMAR one of the best films this year, and one you will carry in your heart for years after years :-))
        
arun526:
          Paan singh tomar .. wonderfullly acted and really encouraging.
        
Artone1:
          Saw the movie Paan Singh Tomar - Standing ovation.. :)
        
aroradush:
          Ditto."@DKMahant: I am sure that @Irfanatam was born to Play Paan Singh Tomar. Still on a high from the movie last night."
        
ArchanaaPania:
          faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak.  . .   paan singh tomar 1st half sooooooooooperb! what a FLAWLESSS heart wrenching performance! @SrBachchan
        
apurva_007:
          #iReview - "Pan Singh Tomar" a fantastic film, dark and satirical, one of the best films in recent times.
        
AP00RV4:
          Must. Watch. Paan. Singh. Tomar! Here, read what @indian_idiot thought - http://dfuse.in/reviews-all/movie-reviews/review-paan-singh-tomar/

ANURAG_2APRIL:
          Paan Singh Tomar..gr8 movie!! .. Irrfan Khan.. Hats off dude.. Daaku nahi baagi hain, baagi..
        
anuradhasays:
          Saw Paan Singh Tomar. Irrfan Khan remains the best actor in Hindi movies today.
        
AnujGurwara:
          Must must must watch Paan Singh Tomar!! A superb film brilliantly shouldered by Irrfan, the Subtle Khan.
        
Annapakshi:
          Paan Singh Tomar rocks! Go watch it!! #Paansinghtomar
        
ankurarya33:
          paan singh tomar:ye nahi dekhi to kuch nahi dekha
        
ankitbatra11:
          Paan singh tomar ... Berry berry goodwa pheeelum...
Must watch h babua....
        
AneeshNadkarni:
          Movie Review: Paan Singh Tomar – Leaps above the rest…. - FlickSonic http://www.flicksonic.com/1/post/2012/03/movie-review-paan-singh-tomar-leaps-above-the-rest.html #viru
        
AndAHitman:
          Paan Singh Tomar was a fabulous watch....#irrfankhan is brilliant !
        
ananthrajendran:
          +1RT @AndAHitman Paan Singh Tomar was a fabulous watch....#irrfankhan is brilliant !
        
amitdantre:
          Paan singh tomar is an excellent movie,Irfan khan's acting is wonderful,must watch
        
Ameya1986:
          paan singh tomar is very intense,well written.
        
Aman_duttpaliwa:
          Paan Singh Tomar is an absolute must watch,a wonderful movie and hats off to Irffa khan :)
        
altaf89:
          still the fever of PAAN SINGH TOMAR is on my mind.. undoubtedly one of d greatest Bollywood muvi ever...must watch guys...
        
alreich85:
          the best picture of the year so far #paan singh tomar
        
Alpinists:
          PAAN SINGH TOMAR. A TREAT TO WATCH. A Gr8 bollywood movie after a  long long time
        
aliakbarsadikot:
          A must watch movie paan singh tomar..
        
akashabrol:
          Paan Singh Tomar ~ Super Awesome :)
        
Aether007:
          Watched Pan Singh Tomar..well said ''beehad mai to bhaghi hote hai,dacoit to parliament mai hote hai''....India needs pan Singh tomar :-)
        
Adityadoc:
          Agar paan Singh tomar nahi dekha to fir kya dekha.. #MustWatch
        
ADITITAILANG:
          Paan Singh Tomar! What A movie!!! A Must watch!!
        
abhishekdesai:
          Bollywood has produced an exceptional movie after a long time - Paan Singh Tomar.
        
AbhiSheK0ShukLA:
          yup i watched great movie RT @ADITITAILANG Paan Singh Tomar! What A movie!!! A Must watch!!
        
abhilash9870:
          Still in the mood of Paan Singh Tomar.Hoping to go again tonight!!!!
        
aayush07kadel:
          Paan Singh Tomar - 5 Star movie....n it truely deserves a standing ovation. Irrfan Khan! The best... #Respect
        
a3hi3h:
          #Paan Singh Tomar  * * * *
        
943MYFM:
          Paan Singh Tomar Zabardast !!!
        
swaruppatil:
          Its not that i say its a bad movie but i feel pan singh tomar could have been a lot better.
        
OinkCrab:
          dont you think paan singh tomar was stretched a little in the second half.. Just a little.
        
VVA__:
          Paan Singh tomar is alright not a very great movie but an amateurs prospective , it still lacks the fire and ingredients that make it a …
        
pallavipundir:
          Paan Singh Tomar: overrated.
        
Coolshweta:
          ‘Paan Singh Tomar’ director announces ‘Valmiki Ki Bandook’ with Jimmy Shergill http://www.bollywoodlife.com/news-gossip/paan-singh-tomar-director-announces-valmiki-ki-bandook-with-jimmy-shergill/

          7 readers
          -
          7 yays
0 so-so
0 nays

            Want to Watch,
            by Aditya

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Adeeb
: not less than 100

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by A Dhingra
: 65

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Annkur

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by hindifilmlover

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Hindi Songs Lyrics

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Sheena Whitt
: 98

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by the forest
: good film
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.@Anuj not ANY rom-com buff! :D I like my share of "chick flicks" but 5 in 4 weeks is a bit much. It has to be a good rom-com. No running to the airport at the last minute business. @Dattaprasad ha ha ha ha! :PHey Meetu,saw the movie yesterday and then read the review. I liked Irrfan playing a sports person and a maniac like character, more inside than outside. The same sports / army touch even as a dacoit. I doubt if there was any intention to portray him as a highly feared or famous dacoit. "The part where he becomes feared and successful as a dacoit is sorely missing." His task was revenge and the focus remained there? There after perhaps he was just another gang, who shot into the authorities sight due to the reason we know in the movie. Ps: missed the first 10 mins of the move.  CheersA@Annkur I couldn't relate to the fear the journalist felt for example. That question mark of why the journalist was so scared or why people around Paan Singh revered him so much was left just like that for me. I agree, it might not have been the point of the film. But, it seemed to play a role in the background.Also, he did kill people who didn't need revenge against. I think the beauty and the fearful factor of the film lies in the fact that we empathize with a dacoit whatever his achievements were.@hindifilmlover oops! @Anuj I know. I did like the film though. A little less than the rest, maybe, but liked it for sure. I'm not ALWAYS against the tide. You'll see with Kahaani :P RE: Catching a moving train in nick of time. Ack! - haven't forgiven DDLJ for that. :(Any pointers on the music in the movie - background score / songs?Curious since you did not rate or mention them~Also I think there is an error in your form...I rated the movie as "Want to watch", but in the comment I see being published it says "Thumbs Up" :P@Adeeb Yes! Irfan Khan did a brilliant job!@Aditya The background score stays in the background and doesn't distract. It blends well with the milieu of the film. There are no 'songs' in the film. Not even the promo 'kero mama' song.Apologies for the technical glitch in the rating form. We are looking into it and hope to fix it asap.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Lots of fights and gun shots.
Language: A Hindi dialect. Lots of profanity.
Nudity & Sexual content: Scenes between husband and wife making out.
Concept: That of the injustice system in the country towards sports people.
General Look and Feel: Rugged.


