
wogma rating: The keen should rent; else TV/online (?)
Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola is th typical political satire drill. The only difference is an ace act by Pankaj Kapur, 2-3 wonderfully insightful dialogues, and some feisty, witty lines. What a lovely way to start the year it will be! A Vishal Bharadwaj film that looks like it is full of energy and fun. And if we know anything from his filmography, it will surely have something more. What a pleasant surprise it is to see Shabana Azmi back in action. I am sure she alone will make the film worth the ticket price.So, the story is set in a little village in Haryana and Mandola (Pankaj Kapoor) is a politician, Bijlee (Anushka Sharma) his daughter and Matru (Imran Khan) his man Friday. It is very interesting that there are African women in this village and Bijlee dresses the way she does in a Haryani village. I guess these are perks of being a politician's daughter. Whatever the purpose, it goes without saying that curiosity has piqued.Yes, I remind myself of my disappointment after watching Kaminey and the excitement balances off. Well, almost. There is something about Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola that says it will entertain and be a good film. If nothing else our we will know what Gulabi Bhains (pink buffalo) is all about.And the music of course, has put us on a good start. Music Reviews:
Milliblog - "Typically quirky and imaginative soundtrack from the Vishal-Gulzar combo!"
Music Aloud - "8/10"
dunkdaft - "MKBKM soundtrack serves it purpose perfectly - making us curious about the film. "
Bollyspice - "2/5"
Happy Sing - "Vishal has done some good work. And it’s worth listening to. But the thirst that came with the big size, isn’t quenched."  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  There's always a story behind how the film was made and every once in a while the viewer likes to voice out how he thinks it must've panned out. So this is how Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola just might have rolled.Not-so-sober Vishal Bharadwaj: This system is frustrating, the politicians are despicably corrupt, the businessmen are making biryani out of the farmer's blood and labor, this country is going down the tube. We need to do something!Sober Vishal Bharadwaj: Let's make  a movie.Not-so-sober VB: Ah-ha! Why not? People protest by participating in peace marches, wearing pink chaddis, and replace their display pictures with black dots on Facebook and Twitter. They do what they know how to do, I know how to make films. Perfect.Sober VB: But, all this political shoo-shaa, the angst of the farmer, etc is too serious, our aam junta will get terribly bored. Not-so-sober VB: Political satire it is, then!Sober VB: Good thinking, there! Let's add a love angle to the mix, just for good measure.Not-so-sober VB: You think? I was hoping to add a woman to the mix but more like a vamp. Sober VB: You have yours, I'll have mine. Deal?Not-so-sober: Only if you let me go a little crazy.Sober VB: Crazy is good, the multiplex junta loves it! Not-so-sober VB: Promise me, you won't let go of the focus on the issue with the love triangle.Sober VB: I'll sign the papers, if you don't go overboard with the crazy bit just because I agreed. Not-so-sober VB: Yes! dances the happily-ever-after dance Anything that is repeated too often or for too long, like the film's quirkiness or this reviewing style, gets old  too soon. Fortunately or unfortunately, both not-so-sober VB and sober VB got to make their films, respectively. Yes, as usual, the not-so-sober one makes more sense. Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola starts the bang with an incredibly insane title - it readies you for the zaniness to look forward to. The 'no smoking' disclaimer is a witty, ironical, slap-in-the-face start to a film. The buffoonery begins and builds up to a "you got to be kiddin' me" level. And just at the right moment, a decent element of story is added in the form of a strong, burning issue in the country. The issue at hand represents many other issues we are faced with in the real world. The politician represents how we as the citizens perceive our politicians. And how we see them play footsie with the businessmen whose deep pockets want to grow only deeper while taking the entire nation for a ride. Then, you wait for the big climax, you wait for the drama to reach a peak, you wait for the big climax, you wait for the exhilaration that it will bring along, you wait for the big climax. And it doesn't come. I am ever-so-grateful to Vishal Bharadwaj for not making the climax a huge jingoistic movement. I am also grateful to him for not having characters make u-turns from their basic natures. I can't even complain about the end being silly because I indeed thought it'd be atrociously out-of-this-world kind-of silly. I have a feeling I'd have enjoyed it that way because of the build-up of craziness. Unfortunately, it doesn't go all the way.Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola cannot claim to be about the three characters Matru, Bijli and Mandola either. None of them is given any depth nor are any of the relationships paid attention to. To seal the anti-climax, comes the title song made solely for the purpose of marketing and you give a Rohit-Shetty/Farah-Khan worthy shudder as you see Shabana Azmi (who plays a vamp) do the signature dance step! Why?It is one thing to make a political satire about a serious issue and quite another to market the movie as comedy and fun without letting the audience in on the seriousness. Are the viewers not worthy of knowing what the film is really about? Or do the makers not have the guts of selling the product for what it is? Make Shabana Azmi dance out-of-context, really? I can't get over it.And yet, despite some episodic side-plots, Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola is not a complete wash-out. It has some disarmingly witty dialogue, especially reserved for Mandola (Pankaj Kapur). There are at least three scenes in the second half that stay with you because of powerful lines, insight, sarcasm, and delivery. And if these don't work for you, Pankaj Kapur's performance alone is enough to carry this film for you. From the mumbling alcoholic to the delirious alcohol-quitter to the stone-sober, cold businessman - Pankaj Kapur does the whole range without once going over-the-top despite the genre of goofy satire that the film belongs to. Shabana Azmi holds her ground as the ambitious and manipulative politician. She has one scene that she could have shined in. But she is overpowered by the theatrical setting that is necessary  for the powerful and insightful dialogue she delivers. Imran Khan doesn't have much scope to be different from his usual except for occasionally slipping into a Haryanvi accent. And as I said, like anything that is repeated too often or for too long, Anushka Sharma's wink-and-grin-wide routine is getting old too. Arya Babbar gets to play stupid and well he plays it appropriately.I don't mind a serious film, I don't mind socio-politics, I don't mind satire, I certainly don't mind quirky, dark humor. What I don't get though is why a film can't pick one or two of these themes and stick to it through and through - be there, build-up on it  and end like the makers believed in what they were making, without any external pressures. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      44 reviewers(?)
      -
      11 yays
22 so-so
11 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Smita, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...An over the top crazy movie with a message which gets slightly lost in the mayhem...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Ameetbhuvan, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Absurd, witty and strongly political, this one is a dcent watch...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola is oddball entertainment at its best. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Vivek Kaul, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...To be able to deal with so many ‘serious’ issues plaguing India today and do it in a funny way, takes some doing....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Kritika Deval , 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...The screenplay and the cinematography are nearly faultless. Everything you see looks lovely, with all shots executed with precision. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...Vishal Bhardwaj gives us a film that's enjoyable and relevant in equal measure...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Aakash Barvalia, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...The basic plot is related to social issue, but it is blended with good sense of humour. The characterization in the movie is perfect, but the screenplay has its own high and low....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Raja Sen, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Laced with both acid and arsenic, Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola isn't everyone's cup of tea. It takes a while to get into its groove, but changes gears with spectacular finesse after that....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia C, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...Nuanced, teasing, funny, sad - this is an act that will tempt you to watch the film a second time!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...In equal measures delightful and digressing, Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola (MKBKM) is the result of truant genius at work. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rummana Ahmed, 
        
          
             yahoo! India
          :
        
        ...If I was a little disappointed by the plot execution, the performances more than made up for it....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Stefan S , 
        
          
             A Nutshell Review
          :
        
        ...It's episodic in fashion, with facing of the film kept erratic, which served its purpose in providing time to contemplate and absorb the multiple turns, and riding on adrenaline in its quirkier moments mostly involving a pink buffalo, but sometimes having too much of a good thing repeated may backfire and make it creep into the boring, one-note territory....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Anna MM Vetticad , 
        
          
             annavetticadgoes2themovies 
          :
        
        ...too often it feels like MKBKM is trying way too hard....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Troy Ribeiro, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ..."Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola" may not have a universal appeal, but it is thoroughly entertaining....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...The film works in its initial moments till one is not aware of what is actually there in its storyline or content. But as the things gets revealed and you get to know that its nothing path-breaking as far as the plot is concerned and has got the same old predictable traces of love and revolt (reminding of MACBETH too), then one starts losing his interest and expects the least....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shalu Dhyani, 
        
          
             Bolly Spice
          :
        
        ...The film is quirky in both a good and bad way. At times absurd, at times too clever for its own good. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Latika Payak, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...While the pace or twists are nothing to boast of, we appreciate the way Bhardwaj has kept the rustic flavour intact all through the movie....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mayank Shekhar, 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...The film’s main quarrel is actually very genuine and real. It strongly reflects our times....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Rony Dcosta, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Entertain, educate or inspire? Nobody’s knows.  It is neither a quirky comedy nor a satire on the state of our nation. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Kshitij, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...This one is miles away from the masterpieces that VB has crafted & though he puts in a decent attempt, he tries too hard to be quirky, to a point where it just looks senseless at times....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Deepa Deosthalee, 
        
          
             Film Impressions
          :
        
        ...The ingredients are right, but there’s a slip somewhere between the idea, the writing and the enactment, so that what should have been a moment of utter lunacy is just a self-conscious set-up....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             Gomolo.in
          :
        
        ...Dum hain in terms of Pankaj Kapoor’s brilliant performance, crazy first half, good songs, etc. But all the Dum fizzles out as the movie progresses with never ending second half full of boredom and predictable scenes....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola feels like a puzzle in which all the pieces don’t fit. Its idiosyncrasies are both its strength and its undoing....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Vinayak Chakravorty, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...The build-up is superb, and the narrative leaves ample room for each character to grow on you. But the film crumbles in the climax, giving you an end that is too filmy for satisfaction...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...The film passed me by in the first hour. It enticed me back again in the second half. But not enough to make me forget the inert prologue...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Roshni Devi, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...If you’re a Vishal Bhardwaj fan, be prepared for a fare that’s different from his dark, moody style. The fun and songs should keep you going though....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...Despite the uneven quality of the ambitious narrative, Bhardwaj packs in just about enough quirky energy to make Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola generally watchable...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola fails to leave an impact and ends up disappointing you. Pankaj Kapur's hilarious histrionics can be the only reason to watch the film....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Aseem Chabra, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Unfortunately, MKBKM does not deliver all that it promises....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ...The movie is an excellent entertainer though stretched a bit longer than the script's demand....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Roshmila Bhattacharya, 
        
          
             Star Blockbuster
          :
        
        ...Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola is definitely not Vishal’s best, it is still better than some of our mainstream best....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Baradwaj Rangan, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...The film is an endless series of distractions while we anticipate the main event – these distractions, in other words, are the main event...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Srijana Mitra Das, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Like champagne gone flat, the film's left lying about for too late, its plot meandering everywhere, the director so determined to have fun that often, the viewer doesn't...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by amodini, 
        
          
             Amodini's Movie Reviews
          :
        
        ...This film is best when not watched. If you must, save yourself the trip to the theatre and wait for the DVD....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...MATRU KI BIJLEE KA MANDOLA holds your attention in parts, but that's not enough. The first half is lackluster, while the post-interval part catches some steam....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             cinemaah
          :
        
        ...Vishal Bharadwaj tries absurd comedy with Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola and does not quite pull it off....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...This is the simple plot, but Bhardwaj confuses you. He serves you a delectable dish and wants you to eat it with your hand going behind your head and the fingers trying to push the food in. It can be quite taxing!
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Swati Deogire, 
        
          
             In.com
          :
        
        ...An array of remarkable characters seem to go unnoticed because of a shoddy screenplay....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Swati Rohatgi, 
        
          
             mag4you
          :
        
        ...Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola works purely for Pankaj Kapur. On the story front it is predictable and disappointing....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Though the movie has certain good parts, the overall effect is not promising enough...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Karan Anshuman, 
        
          
             Mumbai Mirror
          :
        
        ...the intersection of Bhardwaj’s extravagance, a business end catering to a perceived public palate, and the ineffective delivery of a social message is off centre and misses the bulls eye. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shilpa Jamkhandikar, 
        
          
             Reuters
          :
        
        ..."Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola" is a disappointing film, one that could have been so much more....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Gaurav Malani, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola comes across as a wannabe attempt by Vishal Bharadwaj. His most disappointing and uninspiring work!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Resham Sengar, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...There is nothing out-of-the-box in ‘Matru Ki Bijee Ka Mandola’ except the Gulabi Bhains and honestly you won’t miss out on anything even if you give this film a miss!...

            full review
          

          203 tweeters(?)
          -
          104 yays
29 so-so
70 nays

_yeahbsolutely:
          #PankajKapur sir made the movie a complete paisa-vasool. Matru ki bijlee ka mandola. A political movie with comic twist. #behenchobehencho
        
ydmanzzz:
          Absolutely loved #MKBKM hatke complicated political satirical
        
Vjkajol:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola, amazing movie!
        
vivek_ritz:
          matru ki bijli ka mandola nice movie special pankal sir and imaran both have to much comedy
        
VisheshSingh11:
          #MKBKM Highly recommended. Smart comedy with Pankaj Kapoor at his best.
        
vijaysalvi9:
          Tks, Vishal for MKBKM & casting Pankaj Kapoor as Mandola. It was great to experience the meaning of acting. Film is also ultimate.
        
vidyamohannair:
          Beautiful movie.. #vishalbharadwaj proves himself yet agai, #MKBKM
        
vedforgutuk:
          Returning to form after the disappointing Saat Khoon Maaf, Vishal Bhardwaj gives us a great film Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola
        
vcgadiyar:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola.. fun movie but only 7 guys in the whole theatre.. :P
        
varungrover:
          Ok. Kisko Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola pasand nahi aayi? Haath aage karo. *sataak*
        
varunDmanc:
          watched- 'matru ki bijlee ka mandola '. A good watch.
        
vams21:
          MKBKM is an awesome entertainer.. Loved the way movie was moulded with rusticness..  Fan of Pankaj Kapoor. :) #fb
        
usman039:
          #matru-ki-bijli-Ka-mandola is funny
        
uditpanjwani:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola is a nice watch. Not the best of films but its truly entertaining. Pankaj Kapur is the show stealer! Gulabo! :D
        
TypicalEbhyan:
          Quite liked Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola. Yaar!! Thoroughly enjoyed Pankaj Kapur's Jekyll and Hyde.
        
TKhalkar:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola is an awesome film n a fine example of great story, direction n acting. Hats off to Vishal Bhardwaj, Pankaj Kapoor
        
ThePlaza_BD7:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola playing @Cineworld Bradford -Just as funny as it is ultra-leftwing. Audacious comedy about exploited farm workers
        
thehistoryboy:
          Absolutely LOVED #MKBKM despite Imran Khan!
        
tancb29:
          Dark,quirky,witty,layered,deceiving and super!watch matru,bijli & mandola if u r even half as mad.Not recommended for sane ppl #matrukibijli
        
sunnychl:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola was really good. And of course people didn’t like it because only Bodyguard and Dabangg make money in India.
        
sulzhan:
          Verdict- Pink buffaloes, satire, zulu dancers & Hariya Mandola are in! Watch Matru ki Bijli Ka Mandola for superb... https://www.facebook.com/sulzhan/posts/10100635016873505

SSantoshs997:
          "Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola.." Owsmmm movie... Watchd todayy..!:))))
        
srabhinav:
          Intelligent and sharp humor arrived.#MKBKM
        
shreyasi_m:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola. Not Vishal Bharadwaj's best work, but honestly I liked it more than people have. Maybe I read into it too much.
        
Shreshthdhawan9:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola , bwahahahahahah awesomeeeee !!! Loved itttt
        
Shobhit_51:
          Yesterday, watched Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola , Awesome movie, Bhencho Bhencho :-D
        
shashanksharma:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola.. Good watch.. Direction was upto mark.. Pankaj kapur outstanding, anushka and imran were decent.. (1/2)
        
shahrukhsandhal:
          Watched "Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola"
Awsum movie......!!!
        
ShaadiShuda:
          Pankaj Kapur is a delight to watch.  Matru ki Bijli Ka Mandola is definitely worth a watch for its humor and Pankaj Kapur's performance.
        
saradmnnit:
          Watched #MKBKM...just watch it for #PankajKapoor and ya #BenchoBencho...:P
        
R_A_M__:
          Pankaj Kapoor as a drunkard Harry Mandola has delivered what is expected from a pro actor like him. Watch it for him:-) #MKBKM
        
Ruds4u:
          Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola  Awesome movie.. Very good script..  3.8/5
        
rohit_bhat:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola is only about Pankaj Kapur. Replace everyone else in the movie and it would still be this good
        
rockstarRitesh:
          watched #matru ki bijlee ka mandola good movie bencho bencho !!!
        
rk_my:
          Yeahhhhh finally watched Matru ki bijli ka mandola..!!! Awesome movie especially Anushka was Mindblowin as Bijli!!! Its a must watch movie!
        
RituMalpani:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola..nice movie..but just a caution..if you taking kids along don't..vishal bhardwaj film..language supersedes slang
        
rishabhastir:
          Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola, nice movie with super performance by Pankaj Kapur and Shabana Azmi.
        
riquelme08:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola; what a joyride! Surprising that it has got so many average reviews...
        
RakeshThought:
          Yesterday watched Matru ki Bijlee Ka Mandola : Another excellent movie made by Vishal Bhardwaj .
        
radical_logic:
          MKBKM : deftly crafted age old feud between bourgeoisie & the peasant class. Too much frames wasted on the initial part though!
        
Rachnakanwar:
          Saw Mkbkm Pankaj Kapoor's spectacular. He is one of the best we have. Loved the film and its music Got reminded of the Delhi theatre scene.
        
RAAJnitii:
          Happy Sakranti, Matru ki bijli ka Mandola, fantastic must watch comedy ****. http://twitter.com/RAAJnitii/status/290706098929950720/photo/1

raafe_unplugged:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola
#Cult
        
priyalobo:
          MKBKM#an absolutely crazy, fun movie. Loved every bit of the movie. Pankaj Kapur# was outstanding!
        
PrincessSaimaa:
          Watched "Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola" with my mom and aunt. So glad they enjoyed! #family  #girlsnightout #love
        
praveerprasad:
          #MKBKM is a must watch for all. The story is beatifull put together, using humor to highlight the dark side of politics.
        
PragyaPorwal27:
          matru ki bijli ka mandola....entertaining movie
anuska u were superb
        
PKaurs:
          Pankaj kapoor's acting is wonderful in Matru ki bijli ka mandola , overall enjoyable movie.
        
OnlyAffaq:
          Whatta a brilliant performance by Pankaj Kapur, Imran Khan. I like the movie. Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola. :)
        
nyxrich:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola is a MUST WATCH!!! Awesomest bollywood movie in a very long time!!! ( @chigx u have to see it bro )
        
nandiniv:
          Quite liked Matru Ki Bijli ka Mandola. @arjunkolady  I somehow feel you should watch it, if you haven't already.
        
nabeelmuhammed:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola Rocks!!!
        
MyAhSatan:
          Watched two great and different movies this weekend: Zero Dark Thirty and Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola. Highly recommend BOTH!
        
mohanpady:
          Watte movie is #MKBKM.hats off to @vishalbhardwaj .I'm amazed y ppl r nt likin it..?Brilliantly executed.Felt so hapy after watchin da movie
        
MehtaAyesha:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola what an epic movie!!! LMFAO
        
mehak20chawla:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola is a fun movie to watch! Hillarious haryanvi comedy!
        
luckyarora8412:
          MKBKM IS SUPERB..........
        
lokallobaat:
          Seriously. #MKBKM RT @varungrover: @gkhamba So many great jokes and so many political ideas. Baffled at the number of bad reviews.
        
KoolRitam:
          #MKBKM was definitely a better commercial movie. Humour & sattire, with nuanced usage of props was films forte. Pankaj Kapur outstanding.
        
kitabikeeri:
          matru ki bijlee ka mandola was enjoyably oddball. could have done more with the theme... but the 'mao' jokes were worth it.
        
kautilya93:
          WATCHED MATRU KI BIJLI KA MANDOLA, WAS FUNNY AND IT WORTH IT!
        
karimeen:
          Mao. Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola is must watch. Mao Mao.
        
Kamal_P:
          Appreciate the effort that went into #MKBKM.It had its moments & digs well at todays political state! Imran Khan cud hav done betr! #ILike
        
Jay_Forever:
          matru ki bijlee ka mandola was a funnyass movie. With- @Bitch_Im_talkin and dinner at Bhojanic <3
        
jayantgajria:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola.....watch it for Pankaj Kapoor....and for Anuska Sharma....she is HOTTTTTTTTT!!!
        
itssamy:
          #MKBKM intelligent script,Pankaj Kapur al d way!had fun with Gulabo..satire emmaculately handled.Must Watch!
        
ishipishhh:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola, dekho magar Pankaj Kapur ke liye! My movie review: http://bit.ly/MovieReviewMKBKM [Please RT if you like it] (:
        
imKDS:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola is not the modern day #JBDY. But it reminds you of it. Was time somebody did that. #fb
        
IamSafique:
          Watched 'Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola' honestly I like it...
        
iamptk:
          Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola @MBMthefilm outstanding movie! Hats off to Pankaj kapoor, Anushka done brilliant job! After long time good Comedy
        
hmadhok:
          Enjoyed Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola immensely. Must watch.
        
himyadav:
          Back after Matru Ki Bijli ka Mandola .. A must watch for Pankaj Kapoor !
        
GOBARMINT_:
          Was a brilliant movie especially the capitalism montage with the malls. The abyss staring back. #mkbkm
        
GirishPKulkarni:
          Matru ki bijlee ka Mandola gajab film se!! Wow!!
        
freddydlm:
          Tonight I realized my love for Bollywood films. Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola 
        
faizanpatel:
          Probably Dimwits RT @bhuto: Surprised that so many people were not entertained by Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola.
        
fairy_up_there:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola is superb!! Pankaj Kapoor steals the show, at his bestest best..he keeps getting better..!!
        
enggmanu:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola...awesome movie and excellent and powerpack performance by Pankaj Kapoor...must watch...
        
dnene:
          #hindi Outrageous, surreal, quirky almost insane, absolutely enjoyable. imo "Matru ki bijli ka mandola" is a movie to be *not* missed.
        
destroyapathy:
          Really glad I went for Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola - Nice to see such an audaciously Leftist agenda in such a populist vessel.
        
DeelipK:
          I rated Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola 7/10 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2106537 #IMDb
        
connerwings:
          Watched #MKBKM today. Loved the movie.  @anushkasharma01 you are just superb! Lovvvvvved you and Imran in the movie!
        
chitraparmar:
          Don't miss Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola !!! Hats off to Pankaj Kapur  !!
        
bhuto:
          Surprised that so many people were not entertained by Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola.
        
bhardwajrocks:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola a very good movie on a very good topic
        
BenaamWriter:
          Awesome Characterization, Wonderful Screenplay, Fantastic Movie - Matru Ki Bijlee ka Mandola. A Must Watch.
        
BahlMansha:
          I think matru ki bijli ka mandola is a really nice film..fun,good n diff comedy..wonder why these movies don't ... http://m.tmi.me/GAJc7

a_t_u_l:
          Well Made #Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola #alagche
        
askammya:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola....awesome stuff.really sad if today's India doesnt get it rightly. It cant get clearer n straight than this.
        
ashrith1307:
          matru ki bijlee ka mandola.. Decent movie..
        
Ashish4uhere:
          VB from sng,dilag,direct to creation is a Genious.A film 4 imraan n anushka which will raise their acting bar #MKBKM
        
ArchanaDumbre:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola... solely carried on the talented shoulders of Pankaj Kapur. Enjoyed movie thoroughly..totally different genre..
        
ANUSHKASHARMAA:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola....rocks
        
anjanme:
          Reviews be damned, I loved #MKBKM.. BTW, what did I miss? Why was @SrBachchan  credited @ the beginning of the movie?
        
anishapadhee:
          Loved #MKBKM! Pankaj Kapoor is so awesome! #PanchoPancho
        
anamikag:
          I rated Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola 7/10 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2106537 #IMDb
        
AmusingBong:
          Watched Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola. I liked. Deserves a watch. Watch it for Pankaj Kapur.
        
Ajji_MunDe:
          #MKBKM - Excellent comedy, OKOK satire, confused political commentary. And Pankaj Kapur is back in his element. #MovieReview
        
ajaysisodiya5:
          al gud..went fr matru ki bijli ka mandola..nice muvie
        
ajay98822:
          "Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola" a great movie and nice work by 'Pankaj kapoor',Anushka sharma
        
adityarao310:
          Rey Taus and Tais! Go watch Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola, and fall in love with Haryana.. Maa ka papad! @sidharthrao
        
adarsha5:
          'Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola' is amazing.
        
AbhishekMohonot:
          #Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola was not as bad as people said it was... leave ur brain out and u would have a laugh...
        
1_woman_show:
          O bencho bencho! Matru ki bijli ka mandola....amazing movie!
        
_jhonnysinha:
          Matru ki bijlee ka Mandola was a one time watch movie but Pankaj kapur was superb! Loved his role :)
        
teemus:
          "Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola" is a funny movie, but quite weird. I didn't find it too bad. Pankaj Kapur has acted brilliantly! #bollywood
        
such_a_townie:
          #MKBKM not bad! :D
        
SouravMaulik:
          Matru ki bijlee ka Mandola was a nice attempt at Satire. Good for a 1 time watch.
        
sharonpicardo:
          Did u like it? I liked it in parts only ya. As ur blog mentioned Pankaj Kapoor was certainly the saving grace @rajvibhow My review of #mkbkm
        
SauravGoswami13:
          Except authentic pankaj kapoor "@Taanya20: Matru ki Bijlee ka mandola . Pathetic."
        
Ro_Ock_Sta:
          Matru Ki Bijlee ka mandola ....aaaah in my opinion very normal flick !
        
RIDDLES23:
          i didn't think Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola was so bad.or maybe everyone around me had criticised it so much that i prepared myself otherwise.
        
rajeshksharma:
          Saw Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola. Can understand the mixed reactions. On one hand it has eccentric characters, on other it tries to be rooted
        
purabakaash:
          Go for it once without prejudice RT"@rohank01: So how is #MKBKM ???"
        
PuneetThakker:
          Just watched matru ki bijlee ka mandola . Enjoyed the first half . One time watch movie . Pankaj kapoor's acting is at his best .
        
prathamesh_bute:
          matru ki bijli ka mandola - watch it only for Pankaj Kapoor's brilliant performance, otherwise the movie is all over the place....
        
named_none:
          I rated Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola 5/10 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2106537 #IMDb
        
lostbumblebeeme:
          Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola: Quriky, funny in parts, delivers a social message. Pankaj Kappor and Shabana Azmi *applause*
        
k_nandini:
          Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola is enjoyable in parts, but it simply doesn’t come together. http://disbursedmeditations.blogspot.in/2013/01/superficial-satire.html

KuKzOhOLiC:
          Battery aakhri 2% fir bhi tweetna shuru hey...Hey Mao !! #MKBKM dekho magar pyaar se aur koi expectation naa rakhiyo ;-) #Review
        
kaapipaste:
          I'm not sure, but I think I liked the movie.. Not love.. More like the just friends type #mkbkm
        
justjayanti:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola circles between being insanely funny in parts to being ridiculously silly in others.
        
JayshreeSundar:
          4 of us saw MKBKM. The only one who sort of liked it was me
        
idrrajdeep:
          Vishal Bharadwaj never followed the easy path & that makes him special.Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola may not be perfect but it is not mindless.
        
goldenpankaj:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola 1 time watchable :)
        
doctor_ameya:
          Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola ~ Go for PANKAJ KAPOOR...Vishal Bharadwaj's direction .One time  watch !
        
blackrosegal:
          Watched Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola. Nice movie. However, dragged and several actors weren't used properly. Pankaj (cont) http://www.twitlonger.com/show/kmt2ee

binnymalik:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola: A li'l weird but entertaining. Very Vishal Bhardawaj types, however, too many issues taken up in one. #Movies
        
ankita7:
          One min I dozed off n the next I laughed so hard I fell down from my seat..Watch it if you like good actors in a bad movie. #MKBKM
        
adityasavnal:
          If only #VB had taken care to restrain his indulgences and had been more careful.... #MKBKM could have been in a league of its own
        
AbhinandanSekhr:
          Matroo-Bijli-Mandola cld've been an awesome film. Ended up being avrg. Never get a south mumbai lad to try & play a Jatt. Not happening dude
        
AartiMadan:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola is a very ok movie. The only charm in the movie is Pankaj Kapur. He is adorable. *Behancho behancho* :P
        
Aagan86:
          How easily VB narrates the tale of the struggle of farmers against politician-corporate nexus. MKBKM has cliches, but worth the watch
        
vivekfiroda:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola:/ #fail
        
VinayAzad:
          Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola ordinary effort from VB.
        
venkat1962:
          #mandola #matru #bijli I want my money back. Can't imagine Vishal cud make such a lousy movie. poor dialog, poor editing, poor everything
        
umeshluthria:
          Vishal bharadwaj's brave experiment did not turn out as expected. Botched up an otherwise fab subject. MKBKM - acting below par as well.
        
Tauseef_Afzal:
          just watched "Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola"...the worst film ever
        
Taanya20:
          Matru ki Bijlee ka mandola . Pathetic.
        
swarnjit_kumar:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola, bakwass
        
SuzaneNayak:
          Even Dabbang2 is better than MKBKM.
        
sunainajairath:
          #MKBKM suffers the same problem as aiyyaa there are only caricatures no characters
        
srushtik:
          Flop ! :P  RT"@Quikr: Hit or Flop? What do you think about the movie ' Matru ki bijlee ka mandola'?"
        
squashabhi:
          matru ki bijli ka mandola

intolerable, torcherable movie...
        
sonumakan:
          WatChed Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola 
not A GOod One.....
No Such StoRy MAhN......
thOugh ANushKa Was LooKing Damn Hot THOrOuGhOut... :*
        
snehapshenoy:
          Its very rare that I come down with a headache and today is one of those days...must thank vishal bhardwaj for his contribution #mkbkm #Fail
        
Shruti792:
          Watched #MKBKM. Quite disappointing :| but i still managed to watch it till d end. #Pankaj Kapoor (#Great Actor)
        
SHARMASHAPIT:
          Sometimes I get confused if hero hear the script then what was the narration of Teesmarkhan, Joker, Shanghai, matru ki bijli ka mandola
        
ShantanuChandra:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola was a huge disappointment last night. Not worth to be put on a screen. #786 was much better, atleast could LMAO
        
ShadowsGalore:
          Blog Updated: My take on why I did not like Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola - http://traffic.shareaholic.com/e/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shadowsgalore.com%2F2013%2F01%2Fmatru-ki-bijlee-ka-mandola%2F&r;=1&a;=1&s;=7&f;=1221745 #MKBKM
        
sanjana_agarwal:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola was a huge dissapointment
        
Sanchit_Sudhir:
          bijli-mandola.... one crap movie.. #time&moneyWASTE
        
s4n8eep:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola ... absolutely ridiculous, i think VB forgot what he was making 5 mins after the start
        
Roshanladia:
          Watched #mkbkm dont hv any words to describe the stupidity of the movie @vishal bhardwaj lacks the sense of comedy,even there is no script
        
Rishi:
          Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola. Worst movie of 2013!
        
RishabhaNayyar:
          Stick to Shakespeare Vishal! That's the only time it works for you. Am sure Matru, Bijli and Mandola will agree!
        
realsumeetgade:
          Saw Matru ki bijlee ka mandola! No words to express the senselessness of the movie! #wastedmyday
        
raymshaik:
          I'm very big fan of #VishalBhardwaj especially his Kaminey is my al time fav. bt #MKBKM luks like his wrst till date!!
        
rajeshanjuu:
          G Evening: watched "Matru Ki Bijli ka Mandola" today. please take break and think bfor making another movie, so boring, chipstiK and "PAKAU"
        
RahBer_SaleEm:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola is really very Boring Movie...:/ :/
        
Ragesh_C01:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola .. a complete mess... didn't expect this from vishal baradhwaj
        
pulkitbohra:
          I have to agree with @kamaalrkhan he is always right. Urvashi did win #BB6 and #MKBKM is actually has a shitty script.
        
prakzrai:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola - not even worth a watch
        
phanksp:
          shocking news of 2013 - matru ki bijlee ka mandola beats joker muvie in #worstmovieaward :-):-)
        
percepshun:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola..the title is not the only quirky thing in the movie..Its a hotch-potch attempt which fails in parts..
        
OhTeri_BhenDi:
          It is the overdose of the slapstick and nonsense comedy that intelligent comedy like MKBKM suffers.
        
nmshah9:
          "Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola"  waste of time and money....   At least not expected from Vishal Bhardwaj.....
        
nkumar_:
          In middle of movie, I thought that I would alter my opinion about "Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola" but it seems to be Joker Part 2
        
MsTitli:
          Ditto! RT @miteshkothari: Take Pankaj Kapoor out of #MKBKM and it easily becomes the worst movie I've seen in quite some time.
        
moterwala11:
          MATRU KI BIJLI KA MANDOLA ...WORST MOVIE OF  Vishal Bharadwaj. I don't know what went wrong with him ... DISSAPOINTED
        
MortalsMedia:
          [email protected] MKBKM -I think Vishal Bharadwaj got confused over who his audience was-forced humor, cow belt or smart story lovers.
        
mohantyaloke:
          matru ki bijlee ka mandola flops with 2 stars....gone to see that a flop movie by vishal bharadaj.......
        
mmrunal:
          today watched #mkbkm bt only till interval! cant tolerate it mre. Then me n my frnds somehow made into another screen - #dabangg2 was fun :D
        
miteshkothari:
          Take Pankaj Kapoor out of #MKBKM and it easily becomes the worst movie I've seen in quite some time.
        
manindbedi:
          All I like about Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola is the Zulu tribe and the background scores.
        
LoOny_Crab:
          maybe vishal bhardwaj was drunk when he was making matru ki bijlee ka mandola
        
kkojhatwits:
          Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola is yet again a slugish movie but yes Pankaj Kapoor is as usual at his best
        
KapadiaHasan:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola #Boring ||
        
j_pratibha:
          Matru ki bijlee ka mandola-  This movie does all the things to make u fall asleep.. It is nt wrng if my frnd wanted 2 puke after d movie..
        
i_Bittu:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola ...sala pakao film pura....gawd...hall se bahar jaane ka mann kar raha hai avi :-/ >:o
        
IdioticEngineer:
          I thot der wont b a shittier movi than dabang 2 ten i watchd Matru ki Bijli Ka Mandola..#FlopOfTheYear
        
iDabaang:
          Mereko mere paisa vapaas chahiye ok,this movie #MKBKM  ducks real time.
        
iAditya_CFC:
          Only if you've money as well as ample time to waste then only watch Matru.. #MKBKM
Truly disappointed Mr.Bharadwaj
        
hippyboxx:
          This Matru Bijli etc was quite a ridiculous film. Good plot but bad execution. Very bad script.
        
hellogoku:
          Why Vishal Bhardwaj directing movie.He should concentrate on music direction otherwise he will forget this too..
MkBKM
        
harshadakeluska:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola sucks! -_-
        
gurjot2012:
          Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola Is A Huge Flop
        
GlobeSlother:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola is disappointing esp bijli. Any reference to any person living or @bijli is coincidental. :)
        
gaurav_agrawall:
          Superb acting by Pankaj Kapur in MKBKM ! The movie is a trash otherwise !
        
DhwaniiShah:
          So stupid of me to even go watch Matru ki bijli ka mandola . What was I even thinking ? Ps I hardly even understood something . Sigh
        
crypticcanvas:
          Watched MKBKM last night, still wondering what is Vishal Bhardawaj smoking these days.
        
chetannarula:
          Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola ... Three hours of my life that am never getting back! :-/
        
blueintrigue:
          Highly disappointed by Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola
        
BadmashFRQ:
          My take on the "uninteresting", Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola http://reveringthoughts.wordpress.com/2013/01/13/matru-ki-bijli-ka-mandola-my-take/ #MKBKM
        
babumoshoy:
          Watched MKBKM and thought it's weakest of Vishal Bhardwaj movies I have seen. Unless he made Joker under some Kunder pseudonym.
        
BabaBaingan:
          Movie Review: Matru ki Bijli ka Mandola -  Bhains ki tatti ka gola (Bullshit)
        
A_Loverboi:
          Watched Matru Ki BijLi kA manDolA .... Vei bOrinG muVi .... tOtAl wAstE oF mOneY ... :/
        
ashishprabhu22:
          Watched Matru bijli Mandola with @MalleshMagdum .A boring n long stretched movie but interesting part was Anushka Sharma.
        
ash7k:
          0/5. Agar yeh rating dekhkar bhi aap Matru ki Bijli ka mandola dekne jaate hain toh Vishal Bharadwaj bhi kahega ki #AapChutiyeHain
        
aalimalik:
          Matru ki bijli ka mandola is a pathetic attempt by CPIers in  bollywood to make communism sexy with Indian youth :p
        
aakashgauttam:
          The only good thing about MKBKM is Pankaj Kapur. The way he portrayed himself before drinking and after drunk is fabulous.
        
Aakankshajain17:
          How can matru ki bijlee ka mandola be such a senseless film??
        
9179Rohit:
          What was a boaring movie..Today i Saw .. # matru ki bijli ka mandola...
        
          5 readers
          -
          1 yays
4 so-so
0 nays

            Not Interested in Watching,
            by g-10
: still to watch...will wait for the dvd release, i guess :)

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Sunny M
: Please support a brave effort.

            So-So,
            by Anuj

            So-So,
            by bollybindass

            So-So,
            by bollywood
: 50

            So-So,
            by Mudit
: Akal badi ki gulabi bhains?? Bhains na? Na ji na...akal hi badi ho gayi is baar bhi!
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.A business tycoon and a politician are out to grab the land belonging to poor farmers.  A business tycoon and a politician are out to grab the land belonging to poor farmers.  
Indian classical music playing along with The Fox Star Studios logo 
The sepia, dull tone to the film. However, I have a feeling it was the doing of our projectionist. 
That Mandola has 42 pegs. The number 42 is kind-of cute! I guess, it's the H2G2 kind of quirkiness that Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola was aiming at.
The first scene in which Pankaj Kapur and Shabana Azmi romance. Interestingly it felt kind of weird Shabana Azmi, the actress romance a seemingly disgusting Mandola (the character).
The implied comment that if a girl's dad is rich and powerful enough, she can dress and behave the way she likes without being worried about her safety. I liked the fact that it was implied, not the actual assumption. 
The 'what the #$%& is happening here?" moment when the African dancers come over. And by the way, was the dance group being on lease symbolic of Vishal Bharadwaj having them on lease?
The manner in which Matru tells Bijli a thing or two about herself. Unfortunately, it is overdone in the trailers so when the actual dialogue comes about it has lost its novelty.
The 'move the well' scene. Plays long enough for it to bring out a laugh. 
The scenes between Matru and Mandola when Mandola is not-so-sober. 
The villager trying to speak Mao's language. 
Use of the word 'addha' for the interval. If only, the language was consistent through the film. 
Chaudhari devi's (Shabana Azmi) take on how the people's temperament is what makes the nation's leaders, pushing the blame of the country's condition on its citizens. An inspired dialogue it was! 'desh adhyatmik hai to neta Buddha hai' What a brilliant line! (if the country is spiritual, the leader is Buddha).
The crack on the meteorogical department.
Mandola's (Pankaj Kapur) poetical description of his dream.
The city-bred enjoying an unseasonal rain shower while the crops die an untimely death.
The film alludes to how the politicians seem to be playing pranks on the citizens.
Bijli's (Anushka Sharma) sarcastic take on how she understands why her father likes staying drunk. 
The concept of citizen and politicans playing a game with each other. 'Neta-junta khel raha hoon'.
The satire on how the person trying to do right is arrested for something trivial under some unknown law whereas the powerful get away with the most blatant of crimes. 

The opening sequence. The car crash, the flashback, the reason for the crash, the brass band - a decent introduction to the quirkiness to follow but still the opening sequence didn't make a mark.
The 'blind' boy being used for laughs. I know dark humor and all that, but somehow this felt rather insensitive.
The dubbing in the songs especially for Imran Khan seemed to be way off.
Peeing, puking, burping, farting. Oh come on! Is it still funny?
Bijli's (Anushka Sharma) tattoos. It felt like they were trying too hard to make her look 'cool'.
the chikoo-chinki angle with Navneet Nishan.
The placement of 'the oye boy oye boy' song.
The biplane scene. Quirky, I get, but no rhyme-reason, I don't get. 
The shoddy green screen work in the biplane scene mentioned above. 
The honeybee scene. Why bring the comb in focus, the sound was working so well? Why the in-the-face treatment? 
The UFO/ISRO angle. Another scene which looked like it was being quirky for the sake of quirkiness, instead of having a contribution to the film. 
Badal's (Arya Babbar) CIA do. This one doesn't even pass of as quirky!
The wedding scene. Didn't work for me at all!
meetu, please incorporate a 'like' button on your review pages please!Well-written review, particularly for the way you incorporated a plot device into your writing style.. (sober vrs drunk)... Kudos! ;)There are a lot of things I want to say, but the thoughts are so muddled.. just like the movie itself.When I saw Shabana Azmi joining the dancers in the end, it was so against the character and the tone of the movie. I know its a very trivial aspect.. but still, couldn't the makers see how it didn't make ANY sense? at all?!!!Or did it?its a nice review.thx meetu.I watch this Movie only for anushkaThank you @Harsh! It makes it fun for me to write, and I'm glad it is fun to read, especially for people who have seen the film also. :)@Bollybindass you might be a little disappointed because she doesn't have that much of a role.This is probably one of the few times (these few are now turning into many actually) that I have exactly the same thoughts as you about the film...why didn't he go all the way? Stanley Kubrick's "Dr. Strangelove" was the way Vishal could've gone about it..but then VB is VB...there were moments which were brilliant..but then the in-between connecting sequences were taking away the satire...I suspect the title of the film in the not-so-sober state was "Akal badi ki gulabi bhains" which, in a sober state was changed to what it is...agar peeke hi banayi hoti to nasha kucch aur hi hota...us nashe mein kai din tak jhoomne ka mazaa kucch aur hi hota! Yahan to "akal" badi ho gayi phir se!Nice observations. I cam here looking for "desh adhyatmik hai to neta Buddha hai" dialogue...do you have the complete of that?Hi Meetu..good to be back on this forum!Quite an ordinary movie this.The only things worth watching are Pankaj Kapur and Gulabi Bhains....a massive disappointment overall from a man whose made films like Maqbool,Omkara,Kaminey,The Blue Umbrella etc in the past!Hi Meetu..good to be back on this forum!Quite an ordinary movie this.The only things worth watching are Pankaj Kapur and Gulabi Bhains....a massive disappointment overall from a man whose made films like Maqbool,Omkara,Kaminey,The Blue Umbrella etc in the past!@g-10 you have to wait for it, for the page to download completely. It's on the left side. @Mudit Every once in a while, that should happen too, right? Our thoughts matching, that is. @Sunny M no, I don't. But, it should be out there on the net, by now. @Ashwin Sad and true.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Gun shots, but no physical violence as such. 
Language: Lots of swear words.
Nudity & Sexual content: One lip lock. A skimpily clad Anoushka Sharma for a couple of scenes. 
Concept: A business tycoon and a politician are out to grab the land belonging to poor farmers - all dealt with satire. 
General Look and Feel: Dusky, sepia tone. 


