
wogma rating: Add to 'must watch' list (?)
Despite being set in a crematorium and having a sense of morbidity throughout, Masaan isn't grim. Nor is it gay despite its wit. Masaan carries equanimity of sorts in the “life is what it is” kind of a way with simplicity and flair in equal measure.I am always up for an indie film. There is a freshness about the saddest of them too. Not only a new approach to film-making with a “different” story to tell, but more often than not, they have a unique point of view too – carrying a voice of their own.Masaan's trailer indicates that it is just that, along with the usual assurance that an indie film has great performances and above average dialogue. A story about a woman from a small-town, lower middle class family inadvertently getting into a soup with the cops is hardly new. But, it looks like this one has a take that is different from the norm of her giving it back full throttle. I'm hoping for an experience that won't be novel but will stay with me for a while after I am out of the theater. Then again, that is always my hope. Music Reviews:
Music Aloud - "8/10"  
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  “It will all sort itself out.” says a girl to her boyfriend earnestly, a spark of optimism shining through her eyes at having found a solution. A solution to her problem. A solution to all problems – including yours and mine. An answer to a question the film itself raises, “When does this grief go away?”. “It will all sort itself out,” hardly a profound statement, but a hope that we all have to live by, if life has to make any sense at all. Masaan set in those parts of the River Ganges that is a crematorium – has talks about life. And it goes about its business with tenderness. It does leave you with a sense of discontent – maybe its own way of making one last comment on life. Masaan narrates the stories of two very ordinary lives, except for that one big event that turns their worlds downside up. Not only do they have to overcome those incidents but also break free from bondages that were holding them in the first place. While Masaan is set in a small town, these two stories would resonate with any section of the audience from any place in the country. Maybe because they aren't spectacular tales. Their problem could be replaced by ours and the way we cope with it remains more or less same. When you are talking about a film and the first few things are related to how engaging the theme is, you know the film has done its job in all the departments. In fact, Masaan makes a comment about the country's attitude towards sex and the lop-sided morality it carries for men and women. But, as the film progresses and becomes less and less about that. It becomes about the other themes and all other aspects of film-making are taken for granted.The writing, for example, is thoroughly engaging. Not only because it has witty lines or insightful ones, but because it also has ordinary lines that are timed perfectly. In fact, the timing of the dialogue (and not only how it is delivered) draws you further into the narrative. There are unresolved scenes which add to the narrative and the discontent. You don't know the motivations of a character and eventually it doesn't matter. You are in the moment with the characters and that's all that counts. The characters – Devi (Richa Chadda) or her father Choudhary (Sanjay Mishra), Deepak (Vicky Kaushal) - are all a bit broken and thus complete. Deepak's girlfriend Shaalu (Shweta Tripathi) is that one person in anyone's life who is vivacious and yet balanced. Even a largely dark character like a blackmailing police officer shows a hint of humanity. Vicky Kaushal,  Shweta Tripathi and Sanjay Mishra are such naturals in their roles that Richa Chadda who usually stumps you with her performances feels drab. Sure, her character is yet to recover from the shock that life has brought on her. Yet, she sticks out as vacant amidst the candour of the rest of the actors. There isn't much of a situational connect between the two stories. The connect is more philosophical. Hence, we'll never know what would happen if the actual connect which seems forced wasn't there. What if the stories ran parallel with the river Ganges, the ring, the train serving as connects. And the loneliness. The impermanence of it all – love and grief over the loss of love; life and grief over the loss of life. Equanimity. 
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      29 reviewers(?)
      -
      27 yays
2 so-so
0 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Nikhil Kumar, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...‘Masaan’ is an emotional tour de force. It’s a very unpretentious film that moves you deeply and leaves you with a flicker of hope amid loss and death. It’s a film you must make time for if you love quality cinema. It’s the kind of cinema that stays with you for a long time.
Bravo, Ghaywan and Grover....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...In all, MASAAN surely deserves to be seen as a must because of its unusual execution revolving around the burning ghats and all realistic characters emoting well on screen pointing towards our known social curses still continuing as it is from hundreds of years. Yet as a film specifically focusing on DEATH, I personally found it much less hard hitting, missing that instant emotional connect and ‘cinematic power of transforming the viewer’, to be honest....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Srishti Dixit, 
        
          
             Bollywood Life
          :
        
        ...Do not miss this gem at any cost....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nishant A Bhuse, 
        
          
             Daily Bhaskar
          :
        
        ...मसाला फिल्मों से हटकर यदि आप कोई ऐसी फिल्म देखना चाहते हैं, जो सामाजिक सच्चाइयों को उजागर करती हो तो 'मसान' आपके लिए ही बनी है।...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Suparna Sharma, 
        
          
             Deccan Chronicle
          :
        
        ...Richa Chadha is almost frugal in her expressions. Precise, controlled and powerful, she creates a character with very little. We don’t know her Devi very well, but we can feel her in every single scene — her seething and bristling seeps into our bones. Masaan has won some big awards. All very well deserved....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Smita Vyas Kumar, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...A beautiful movie with many stories all woven together into a gorgeous tapestry. A must watch....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Aneela Zeb Babar, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Masaan is a difficult film to write about, Masaan is the easiest film to recommend in so many years. There is none of the defensive Well I Liked It...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Ameet Bhuvan, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...A confident and assured debut that is worth the money...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bryan Durham, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...A film that runs the risk of predictability, but is compelling enough to keep you hooked to what happens next without succumbing to the danger of getting waylaid by its own indulgence, is what makes Masaan a film you cannot and mustn't miss. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rachit Gupta, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...Even though the word ‘great’ is easily misused while chronicling a person or an achievement, it really can’t be employed enough to describe what Masaan feels like. You need to watch this film to realize there’s so much hidden meaning to scenes, situations and words. Yes there are no commercial movie gimmicks, no glamour to startle your senses. But there’s an abundance of artistic passion and emotion here to keep you thinking about life and death, long after the movie is over. It lingers around, like the memory of a lost loved one. That bittersweet combination of happiness and sadness. A perfect mirror to life. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepanjana Pal, 
        
          
             FirstPost
          :
        
        ...Chadda isn't Masaan's only weakness. The plot is predictable, the screenplay has a number of contrivances, the end is laboured, and a number of the important but supporting characters (like Jhonta) lack detailing. Wonderful as the soundtrack and background score may be, the film needed silences, particularly in the emotional scenes. Yet, while it may not be flawless, Masaan is moving and for the duration of the film, it makes you forget everything but the world in which it is set....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Megha, 
        
          
             Free Press Journal
          :
        
        ... ‘Masaan’ has no doubt deservedly won praise as a first feature of a director with great promise it’s also true that  the film does not live-up completely to it’s true potential. It’s disappointing that Neeraj Ghaywan was unable to flesh out this promising story into something heart-felt and unforgettable....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Nupur Barua, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        ...Masaan does not have the mass appeal that the releases of the preceding weekends have had (Baahubali and Bajrangi Bhaijaan). It is, however, a gentle nudge to film buffs to remember that films are also about stories that are supposed to touch your hearts, instead of just leaving you awestruck....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Martin D'Souza, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...Every character leaves his or her mark on the screen including Jhonta (Nikhil Sahani), the little orphan who works with Pathak. 
The end leaves you craving for more. MASAAN is worth going miles to see! 
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Anupama Chopra, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...Sanjay Mishra’s grief is so palpable that it gets under your skin. Even the actors with smaller roles, like Shweta Tripathi and Pankaj Tripathi, make an impression. But the real find is Vicky Kaushal. He inhabits Deepak completely. When he falls in love, his face lights up. His joy is infectious. Which is why when he weeps, you break down with him. This is the debut of the year. At one point in Masaan, a character points out that there are 28 trains that stop at Varanasi but 68 that don’t. Matlab yahaan aana aasan hai, par yahan se jaana mushkil....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...But those are minor quibbles in an otherwise deeply affecting film that is brought to life by its remarkable cast, particularly Sanjay Mishra, Richa Chadha and terrific new-find Vicky Kaushal....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Suhani Singh, 
        
          
             india today
          :
        
        ...After Chaitanya Tamhane, who impressed with his sterling debut Court, Masaan sees the birth of yet another talented filmmaker in Neeraj Ghaywan. Masaan may not be as pitch perfect a first film as Court but it is not far behind in its accomplishments. Tackling topics such as love, loss, redemption with skill and ease, Ghaywan is a filmmaker in command of the narrative and the world his characters inhabit....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Uday Bhatia, 
        
          
             Live Mint
          :
        
        ...This could have been a film about gender rights, caste and small-town corruption, but these issues are only acknowledged to the extent that they affect the characters. We’re wrapped in their lives, and like any great film, we’re anxious for the future well-being in the end. I left the hall thinking not of pandits and funeral pyres, but of sooji ka halwa as atonement, of a young boy desperate to dive for coins, of red balloons loosed into the night-time sky....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Shubha Shetty-Saha, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...A gutsy debut by Ghaywan, who dives deep into the subject in hand and comes up with a little gem. Sensitive writing by Varun Grover makes it more valuable. - See more at: http://www.mid-day.com/articles/masaan---movie-review/16394186#sthash.lKVHiMDe.dpuf...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Jaidev Hemmady, 
        
          
             Movie Talkies
          :
        
        ...Another aspect about the film worthy of mention is its music. The songs like Mann Kasturi and Tu kisi rail si guzarti hai are breathtakingly poetic and beautiful and add to the beauty of the film.  ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Divya Solgama, 
        
          
             MoviezADDA
          :
        
        ...Dum??? Well, 'Masaan' is a simple yet highly powerful and engaging film with a total connection to our Indian roots. The movie slows down in the middle part and might not appeal the masala entertaining audiences, but will be loved by everyone who love good and meaningful cinema. 'Masaan' is not preachy or highly pseudo intellectual, but just a simple film. And, it's said that the most simple things can bring the most happiness and that's what 'Masaan' does. It displays the circle of life in such a fine cinematic manner....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Saibal Chatterjee, 
        
          
             NDTV
          :
        
        ...Vicky Kaushal and Shweta Tripathi deliver a pair of luminous performances that stay with you long after the film is over.
This dazzling debut film is an unmissable gem. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Raja Sen, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...Earlier in the film, Kaushal shyly, falteringly comes up with a line about how he loves his girl because she’s the youngest in her house, riffing off something she said, and we can see the grin run through his body as he feels the thrill of her succumbing to his line. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...But the film must be watched for it is as path-breaking as it is predictable, as brutal as it is tender, and as cynical as it is romantic!...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by ViSHAL MENON, 
        
          
             The Hindu
          :
        
        ...The film is most beautiful when it becomes a tale of dealing with loss. Deepak, who prides himself in the mental maturity he gained from seeing several corpses, realises true maturity isn’t just dealing with any corpse, but that of a loved one. As for Devi, it’s about ridding herself of her guilt over her friend’s death rather than the separation the death caused. So when Ganga unifies the two by offering them solace at Triveni Sangam (the confluence of three rivers in Allahabad), away from the constricting Banaras, it is a sort of coming-of-age for them. After all, born and raised in Banaras, they are not ones who believe in the act of burying (even the past). For them, closure comes only after the burning… once the ashes begin to flow in the Ganga....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Meena Iyer, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...The performances of the entire cast including that of the child actor Nikhil Sahni are praiseworthy. Masaan has pure desi magic woven in....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...The quality of the acting, too, is of the highest order, with all the four principal members of the cast Sanjay Mishra, Richa Chadha, Vicky Kaushal and Shweta Tripathi leaving their imprint on the film with perfectly modulated and sustained underplaying. Masaan is a splendid little gem, an absolute must watch. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Krish Sripada, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...You'll not regret watching this movie. You need not regret not-watching this movie!...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Archita Kashyap, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...Masaan is a must watch for the discerning film audience. It’s also a break from big-ticket commercial films. It’s not an entertaining film, but a satisfying watch....

            full review
          

          124 tweeters(?)
          -
          121 yays
2 so-so
1 nays

Zenanandini:
          Masaan - music, poetry, Benaras ghats, caste privilege, sexuality, love, the Ganga. The film spits & crackles like funeral pyres. Don't miss
        
zazabox:
          #Masaan. Pure [email protected]_ that was a moving performance.
        
xtahzy:
          Pretty late to the party I'm sure, but do watch Masaan, if you haven't. I have a hangover from the matinee show. Was worth the wait.
        
Xaerose:
          Masaan must watch, says Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal http://www.menalleluia.com/?p=

write_err:
          Just saw Masaan. What a powerful cinema that was. So so glad that I was able to watch it on the big screen.
        
Whackkman:
          Richa Chadda is very attractive in a very real way. She can grab your attention on the screen for long spans. #KeptItReal #Masaan #NoPlastic
        
VirtualSingh:
          #Masaan, hats off to direction and star cast. https://t.co/PP4iMS8dJx #Bollywood #Respect
        
vinni_tweets:
          #masaan sooo close to reality.. Wow factor for some, not for those who hate reality anyway
        
vibhumohunta:
          One of most touching movies of all times - #Masaan . In love with @RichaChadha_ #SanjayMishra #ShwetaTripathi and the entire cast
        
UttamDramaMama:
          Just saw #Masaan . A must watch film. Saala yeh dard kabhi khatam kyun nahi hota? Loved that scene.
        
Upooorv:
          Masaan- Shaandar zabardast, zindabaad!

Also, Mildly in love with Shweta Tripathi, so if anyone sees her please convey the message.
        
ultrabr0wn:
          Agreed. Masaan is a gem. https://t.co/dBrWDmvGjI

TheTopiWriter:
          #Masaan was wow.thanks to everyone involved. @RichaChadha_ @varungrover neeraj n all
        
thesundoesarise:
          #Masaan, a must watch. Superb story, fantastic performances, mesmerizing music.  Thanks #NeerajGhywan #VarunGrover.
        
TheMightyShaikh:
          Masaan shows the power of "What people would/will say" in Indian society. @RichaChadha_ brilliant
        
TheDasAnita:
          Masaan was refreshing to watch after all the noise from Bajrangi Bhaijaan. Realistic and heartbreaking.
        
tanejamainhoon:
          And I'm not sure what pain and innocence you tapped into @vickykaushal09 but I have rarely been moved so much. You are a star! #Masaan
        
sumitkrana:
          #Masaan you beauty. Loved it!!
        
sriram_ramesh:
          #Masaan is a good study on human actions..the story of guruji and the boy shows how selfish a person can get when pushed to limits !!
        
srbhkmr151:
          एक फ़िल्म आयी है.. Masaan..
बड़े स्टार नहीं हैं तो कम चर्चा में है..
पर एक बेहतरीन फ़िल्म है.. रिव्यू शेयर कर रहा हूँ..!
        
smisra2942:
          Masan no words to praise the excellent movie Eternal GANGA !
Wah Banaras !! Sangam mesmerizing
        
SidPill:
          Watched #Masaan A little too predictable for my liking but still a lovely film! Brilliant debut by @vickykaushal09 & kudos to @RichaChadha_
        
siddhimadubey:
          When the whole theatre claps at the end of the film. #Masaan
        
shukladivya:
          #Watched #Masaan today. What a good film. Loved everything abt it great #casting perfect #dialect #pace #screenplay thanks & kudos @ghaywan
        
Shrey4frnds:
          Superb!! Many time watch!!! #masaan
        
schand26:
          Celebrate Life, Death And Everything In Between, With Neeraj Ghaywan's #Masaan
        
sayheyajay:
          Shows real face of life, how cruel it can be suddenly and then heal it slowly #Masaan #MustWatch
        
sauravahead:
          One will even feel the silent moments of the movie #Masaan. I can't remember when did I feel the way I felt today. Cheered, cried, shaken.
        
Sarcusstic:
          What a beautiful movie! Masaan.
        
SaniaaSan:
          The awesome #Masaan came out this weekend and deserves to be the talk of Twitter town but instead Bombay Velvet is getting trolled tonight:/
        
sameerpavithran:
          Just watched #Masaan ....n I cannot express myself... #lumpinthethroat.
        
sameermathad:
          Watched Masaan. Poignant yet beautiful. A portrait about death and the broken lives it leaves behind. Must watch!!
        
sachinshardul4:
          #Masaan a must watch!! Brilliantly done @varungrover !!
        
rkaushik1961:
          Watched ur film # Masaan yesterday  @ManMundra . It's left me numb The whole audience clapped at the end. New experience. Intense movie.
        
rishav_agrawal:
          #Masaan kabhi kabhi sensible filam bhi dekhni chahiye!! Jisne nahi dekhi zaroor dekhe!!
        
ravishkt:
          #Masaan is worth a watch. I liked it very much.
        
ravigupta1000:
          Dushyant Kumar at his best #masaan https://t.co/8sP3NBezwb

ravibthefreak:
          Double thumbs up for @indianoceanband #Masaan ... what music!!
        
ranjitag:
          Masaan tells about India's small towns without making a spectacle of them. A must watch.
        
RanjanPant:
          Masaan - intense multi-layered masterpiece: fuses social media, mobility, caste rigidity, fragility, constraints. All with Banaras backdrop.
        
raj_413:
          Watched #Masaan. It showed the true picture of Indian relationships and their pblms. Also showed the struggle between tradition n modernity.
        
rahultripathy:
          Saw #Masaan brilliant movie, effortless acting, well written, superb direction. Will break your heart, make you cry and laugh @ghaywan thanx
        
puneetsharma8:
          Watched #Masaan yesterday night, amazing #movie, very very #intense. Highly #recommended for intense movie lovers.
        
pulkit26:
          Absolutely phenomenal stuff @battatawada and the #Masaan team. Brilliant movie and what an amazing performance by you Madame. Loved it
        
pugmarx:
          liked the simple yet deep amalgamation of emotions in Masaan. excellent work by @RichaChadha_, Sanjay Mishra amd others
        
Prtk_Live:
          Masaan 5
Bajrangi 4.5 https://t.co/z7p4Ks2PLs

priyanka1112:
          For all those who love quality cinema... watch masaan... It's an absolute treat
        
priyal:
          Watched Masaan. All those things you've read about it are completely true. What a beautiful gem of a film
        
Praveenunorthod:
          Watched @masan outstanding movie,
Must watch brillant story
        
praveenaroan786:
          #Masaan is a mvie which touch's the reality of the  scoity with well plotted story hattoff 2 drector 4 gvng an wonderfl movie @RichaChadha_
        
prasunb:
          #Masaan is very very good. Am a little disappointed coz I was expecting to be blown away like #Udaan. But the performances are ... WoW !!!
        
pradee281:
          Lovely day today seen Masaan movie excellent one
        
poojagb:
          Beautiful movie. Stirred so many emotions, made me crack up a little too. Go watch! Debut ho toh aisi! #Masaan  https://t.co/K6N9abDwcf

Pinank_Chheda:
          The reel can't get more real #Masaan Everything is in the right place and @avinasharun20 cinematography is top notch
        
PatelDevansh:
          No matter what u say, u'll never forget ur first love. Fall in luv! Go watch #Masaan. The BEST LOVE STORY of 2015 @RichaChadha_ @ghaywan
        
pankito09:
          #Masaan- a well made film with an interesting story of parallel lives brought alive by solid performances! Dont miss.
        
OneKollywood:
          I wud say #Masaan is a must watch for its original film making. Hits you hard and there is no hiding anything. Perfect film making.
        
NishaGanneri:
          In the age of Facebook, balloons still work. Saw Masaan again :)
        
Nikstrade:
          #Masaan Brilliant Content,Powerhouse Acting Must watch,Crowded house survived #BajrangiBhaijaan Juggernut @ghaywan Hats off,, @varungrover
        
nidhionline:
          My new favorite actor is @imsanjaimishra
Amazing how you always get it perfectly right! #Masaan @ghaywan
        
neha0913:
          Refreshing small town simplicity brought to life with witty confluence of two pensive stories. #Masaan surprises with #stellar #performance.
        
NamakHaraam:
          Masaan is possibly one of the best explorations of grief and acceptance I have ever seen. Thank you @varungrover and team.
        
nakulc924:
          #RichaChadda #VickyKaushal & #SanjayMishra Performances Deserves All The Awards This Year

This Gem Can’t Be Missed
#MustWatch #Masaan
        
munafno1:
          #Masaan is a must watch.Outstanding perfms by @RichaChadha_ @imsanjaimishra and newcomer @vickykaushal09
        
mskarnik:
          Very few movies leave me in a trance. And Masaan just did that.
        
Mritunjayraina:
          #masaan is must watch movie for bihari nd up ppl ... Enjoyed it ..
        
mayurirk:
          What a performance Vicky Kaushal.. Impressive. Hats off to the team #Masaan
        
MasaanTheFilm:
          "#Masaan is a brilliantly cast debut with the gravitas & innocence of seasoned storytelling."​ http://bit.ly/Masaan-BookTickets http://twitter.com/MasaanTheFilm/status/625265765172641792/photo/1

ManojIetas:
          Nice movies masaan .
        
manishtamancha:
          way to go to gt absolutely brilliant concepts lyk Masaan to gt mainstream success, n ppl to understand cinema wid more depth(2/2)
        
mangeshashrit:
          I didn't want the movie to end. When I came out, I wanted more of it. I could watch this movie a hundred times & not get bored. ☺ #Masaan
        
KumarLuv:
          Masaan: Varun Grover is a screenwriter to watch out for. Keeps getting better. 

Om dar-ba-dar would have won the diving competition!
        
kohlianu:
          Watched Masaan today. Guys go and watch it . Must watch.
        
KishoreKeBol:
          Sad that a good movie like Masaan is running just 2 shows a day, but yes its very much worth a watch.
        
KabirTaneja:
          Watched Masaan today. Lovely film.
        
JayantiJha7:
          Leave whatever it is that you are doing over the weekend and go watch #Masaan! 
What a beautiful beautiful film.
        
i_amkrishna:
          Do yourself a favour. Go watch #Masaan. It's more than a movie. It's an experience. "Finding life amongst the dead" is how I would put it.
        
IAmSudhirMishra:
          And by the way don't b lazy this Sunday . Go and watch Masaan ! !
        
iabhisheksharma:
          Glad I chose to see Masaan.. A beautiful movie..
        
harshitkg:
          #Masaan is a strong performance based film, not the usual Bollywood stuff.
        
hajeeamin:
          #Masaan is an amazingly well written-Varun Grover, Directed-Neeraj Ghaywan & performed film @RichaChadha_ Vicky Kaushal, Shweta Tripathi.
        
gursimrandatla:
          Go and watch @ghaywan 's #Masaan .. one of the brilliant storytelling of recent times. @DrishyamFilms  @FuhSePhantom http://twitter.com/gursimrandatla/status/625010267227721728/photo/1

guhavishwanath:
          What makes #Masaan more beautiful is it's soulful music. 

I take this platform to tel the world that @indianoceanband is the #Best in India
        
groveritika:
          Watched Masaan in an almost full cinema hall, and what a treat it was! Sending big love and thanks to @ghaywan and @varungrover!
        
gourigargi:
          OMG Masaan what a film..sanjay mishra amazing.m [email protected]_ u rocks
        
GaursinghRajeev:
          #Masaan I`m numb, speechless and moved by this brilliant piece of work. Kudos to @ghaywan @CastingChhabra @guneetm @RichaChadha_
        
gangesh194:
          Watched #Masaan gr8 movie. Felt nice to see so many people in theater this time.
        
FuhSePhantom:
          Everyone's loving Masaan! Make sure you don't miss it. http://bit.ly/Masaan-BookTickets http://twitter.com/FuhSePhantom/status/625267614269313025/photo/1

FilmyNerd:
          Love story of Deepak and Shaalu deserves a separate movie in itself. So adorable yet so real #Masaan
        
filmashish:
          cine lovers, DONT miss #Masaan. Let #Bahubali n #BajrangiBhaijaan wait. @imsanjaimishra @vickykaushal09 r superb. Thanx @ghaywan @ManMundra
        
eklavyasinha:
          #Masaan is by far the best thng I have seen this yr. Watch it & weep. 
        
ekassshukla:
          Masaan, the film that will stay with you
        
EatTweetBlog:
          Watched #Masaan !! What a brilliant brilliant brilliant film!! All performances are A+ @RichaChadha_
        
deepasrivasta:
          Masaan is amazing....touching movie...तू किसी रेल सी गुज़रती है,मैं किसी पुल सा थरथराता हूँ listing again n again
        
dasnamit:
          Simply loved #Masaan !! @battatawada @RichaChadha_ @varungrover must watch!!! Must watch!! Must watch!!!
        
cinemaficionado:
          अभी 'मसान' देखी| भीतर तक भेद जाने वाला सिनेमा| कुछ अंदर छूट जाता हैं जब फिल्म ख़त्म होती है| इसे मत छोड़िए| #Masaan
        
Chemburstudio:
          #Masaan every frame crowded&monstrously vacant,incongruously filled wit emptiness&sordid sorrows of forgoten wound dat suddenly begins oozin
        
chaudharydeepak:
          Sir Thanks to you for Giving us those Gems like Ankhon Dekhi, Masaan and Umreeka! https://t.co/9PMFglMaR1

cannes:
          Varanasi was the perfect setting for ‘Masaan': Neeraj Ghaywan: calls film ‘must watch’ “Masaan”, w... http://t.co/aNIFWkDF8K #Cannes2015
        
burn_itB:
          Wah #Masaan Wah!!
        
bninad:
          #Masaan is poignant and celebrates life, love, loss and death. Loved it and thanks for making it @ManMundra @ghaywan @varungrover
        
bgspeaks_:
          What a beautiful movie! #Masaan
        
BeatlesKbeats:
          Pankaj Tripathi, take a bow sir! #Masaan chota par damdaar abhinay
        
barrettspuppet:
          Masaan was beautifully woven.
        
ay_khetan:
          Just watched @MasaanTheFilm.Beautiful piece of art.Brilliant acting by Vicky Kaushal, Sanjay Sir & @RichaChadha_. Kudos to @ghaywan #Masaan
        
avniraja:
          #Masaan: must watch. Brilliant performances. Portrayal of clash of tradition & modernity hits hard. @battatawada loved it! U were stunning.
        
auyona:
          #Masaan will not leave u euphoric like #BajrangiBhaijaan & #Bahubali ...but vl leave u thinkin long aftr it ends! Cathartically brilliant!!
        
atta4lov:
          Masaan must watch movie. Fantastic performances by every one. @RichaChadha_ star is born
        
arreyaar:
          masaan was truly an amazing film. i almost never recommend movies but pls go watch this one so we can spend some time talking abt it
        
AroraNeelesh:
          Interval of #Masaan! Totally engrossing! Great direction!
        
arichatt:
          Masaan - breaks your heart and mends it again finally. Taking a bow. Filmmaking at its best.
        
anthropomorph:
          Masaan is a heart wrenching human story! Watch it!
        
aniruddhapat:
          #Masan is terrific. Not a comment on Banaras, nor it's profane or dark side. It's exactly what it says- life, death & everything in between.
        
aniartist:
          Masaan- An intricately woven fabric of Vivid human emotions of love, sex, hatred, grief, happiness, anger, disgust and many more.
        
ani07l:
          Masaan works precisely because it doesn't attempt at interpreting the reality much. It closely read and describe... https://www.facebook.com/anirbanforcinema/posts/10152892847567063

ameyapc:
          #Masaan is a must watch. Script, performances and camera..i was spellbound. Good cinema wd subtleties.
        
aliceinandheri:
          Loved #Masaan. Felt so much like life. Was transported into the worlds of the characters. Felt like I know them all so well
        
alankartripathi:
          #Masaan Wonderful movie, touches the real aspect of the life. kudos to the film industry
        
AchhipilyaLisha:
          #Whatanaspiringflick <3
#Masaan
        
Aagan86:
          "The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living" 
Masaan 4/5 stars!
        
84rasia:
          Masaan is a Must Watch, Richa is Superb: Arvind Kejriwal

        
shivom_oza:
          Just watched Masaan. Mixed feelings. Didn't move me as much as I'd expected it to. Great dialogues though.
        
naitikvyas:
          Finally saw Masaan... Good movie but slow movie... It should be called slow Masaan!
        
aartic02:
          #Masaan is dead like शमशान 
देखने के बाद 
.. सपना भी मौत की ही आया !!
        
          2 readers
          -
          1 yays
1 so-so
0 nays

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Suman

            So-So,
            by Fan
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.This year I am lagging behind in films and constantly in catch-up mode.  Finally got a chance to watch Masaan, with the massive hype and Cannes recognition galore around it.  Of course I had not done my research around the production houses involved in the making of this film otherwise all the hype and Cannes stuff would have been self explanatory.  Yeah you guessed it right, once again we have a certain Kashyap guy at the helm of affairs and in his way marketing the film.  Being co-produced by some of the French movie industries' biggies (Arte, Pathe, to name just two) ensured the Cannes success.Anyway, leaving aside the marketing at which Kashyap regularly shows to have an ace up his sleeve, was the films on its own merits worth the affair?Yes, the start of the film is quite interesting.  Starting with an attempt at pre-marital affair ending up in a tragedy.  That lays the foundation and builds up expectations.However, it was never clarified as to why the hell where there two stories juxtaposed and the screenplay shifted from one to another without having any direct or indirect connection.  Yeah, arty films are supposed to do that - we have to be smart enough to understand what is going on.Having said that, the story of Devi does tug at your heart, when you see the simpleton lives being turned topsy-turvy by the flagrant corruption and dishonesty in the system. Dishonesty because there was no basis for blackmailing but still the simpletons fall for it.  Corruption: yes it was too obvious.  So Devi makes you feel for her.  What helps enormously in this tugging of the heart are of course excellent performances of Richa Chhadda, and once again the immensely talented Sanjay Mishra.Alongside this runs the second tale of the young lovers.  The tale in itself is nothing great, happens at hundreds of thousands of places in each corner of India.  What makes it worth watching are the performances of the leading pair.  Both characters were played out by the concerned actors (Vicky Kaushal and Shweta Tripathi) in an absolute natural convincing manner.  Full marks to them.Ending of the movie was once again in keeping in line with your standard art film - too difficult to fathom.  It's like the director reaching the end of the allocated time realizes that the film must end and so it does.  As illogical an ending as with any art film.Background music was a big letdown in one of the most touching moments in the film.  Without giving the movie away, it was the biggest twist point in the film, [comment deleted partially because it gives the movie away]; the music was horrible.  It needed a strong composition to carry with it the enormity of the event but it let us down.On the whole: grey film like in BA Pass or any similar ilk; although it lightens once it progresses and you accept the fate of the characters.  Fantastic performances from the 4 cited actors.  Story: can happen in any city that we know of India.  Sexual content: quite strong, justifying the "A" certificate.  Although it is limited to 2 or 3 scenes maximum.  Good watch, if you have nothing better do.  Otherwise nothing to regret if you cannot get an opportunity to watch it.Direction: 3    Story: 2    Lead Actors: 3    Character Artists: 3.5    Dialogues: 2.5    Screenplay: 3    Music Director: 1    Lyrics: 1Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: None.
Language: A few abusive words. 
Nudity & Sexual content: There is a sex scene and a few kisses. Also, there is talk about sex. 
Concept: The “is”ness of life.
General Look and Feel: Real – gritty yet not necessarily grim.


