
wogma rating: Watch when on TV/online (?)
She's a user, he's a loser. In each of the three couples. Thank goodness for some decent lines and situations that make it a decent date film. To say that Pyaar Ka Punchnama relies heavily on the stereotyping women would be stating the obvious in an understated manner. But you are here; you are watching the film, might as well give in. And you see yourself in a land of puppies and bitches. Women are the most unreasonable, flaky, demanding, ruthlessly selfish kind of human beings. As a corollary, the other kind of humans is puppy-in-distress all the way from the eyes to the heart. If you manage to get past these obvious, annoying assumptions, there are a few situations; a few lines that make you smile because they remind you of someone you know. 





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


It is actually possible to enjoy the film if you assume that the writer/director, Luv Ranjan is not stupid enough to actually believe that all women fall in the intolerable, slappable category and all men are aawwww-so-cute-and-helpless. You have to give Luv the benefit of doubt and believe that he just happened to pick these characters. It's not like they don't exist in real life. 
After giving our writer/director so much, I enjoyed the characters. Only the men of course. Even as I blamed them for letting their women get them into unredeemable situations, the women themselves - at most times, I wanted to slap. In that sense the direction, the lines and the performances have succeeded. The only reason I won't rip apart the movie is the performances and what could have gone wrong with them. Each of the six main characters do a great job with their character. They actually behave like normal people. 
In fact, they surprised me. I'd be the last person to laugh or even smile at a monologue by a guy (Kartikeya Tiwari) about his frustrations with his girlfriend. Especially when it's long, oh-so long. But as it grew longer, it started making me laugh. Despite the repetition. I actually felt bad for the poor chap and his claustrophobic situation. 
If only the broad plots had a little more meat. They picked three similar starts, they chose three different situations and had three similarly "bleh" ways to end it. And yet it's one of those half-decent chick-flicks. I can see couples getting into an argument after watching it. And a movie that gets people to discuss it is a movie that has succeeded, even if it is in its own crooked way. 
This one made me wonder too. NO! not about the men and women in my life. About movies and their dependence on contrasts. A couple of weeks ago we saw Luv ka the end, where the guy was all out despicable and here we have a film that has made the woman in me hate some of the women the film represents. What's with the stark extremes? Is it because "balance" is boring?

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
It is actually possible to enjoy the film if you assume that the writer/director, Luv Ranjan is not stupid enough to actually believe that all women fall in the intolerable, slappable category and all men are aawwww-so-cute-and-helpless. You have to give Luv the benefit of doubt and believe that he just happened to pick these characters. It's not like they don't exist in real life. 
After giving our writer/director so much, I enjoyed the characters. Only the men of course. Even as I blamed them for letting their women get them into unredeemable situations, the women themselves - at most times, I wanted to slap. In that sense the direction, the lines and the performances have succeeded. The only reason I won't rip apart the movie is the performances and what could have gone wrong with them. Each of the six main characters do a great job with their character. They actually behave like normal people. 
In fact, they surprised me. I'd be the last person to laugh or even smile at a monologue by a guy (Kartikeya Tiwari) about his frustrations with his girlfriend. Especially when it's long, oh-so long. But as it grew longer, it started making me laugh. Despite the repetition. I actually felt bad for the poor chap and his claustrophobic situation. 
If only the broad plots had a little more meat. They picked three similar starts, they chose three different situations and had three similarly "bleh" ways to end it. And yet it's one of those half-decent chick-flicks. I can see couples getting into an argument after watching it. And a movie that gets people to discuss it is a movie that has succeeded, even if it is in its own crooked way. 
This one made me wonder too. NO! not about the men and women in my life. About movies and their dependence on contrasts. A couple of weeks ago we saw Luv ka the end, where the guy was all out despicable and here we have a film that has made the woman in me hate some of the women the film represents. What's with the stark extremes? Is it because "balance" is boring?

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
After giving our writer/director so much, I enjoyed the characters. Only the men of course. Even as I blamed them for letting their women get them into unredeemable situations, the women themselves - at most times, I wanted to slap. In that sense the direction, the lines and the performances have succeeded. The only reason I won't rip apart the movie is the performances and what could have gone wrong with them. Each of the six main characters do a great job with their character. They actually behave like normal people. 
In fact, they surprised me. I'd be the last person to laugh or even smile at a monologue by a guy (Kartikeya Tiwari) about his frustrations with his girlfriend. Especially when it's long, oh-so long. But as it grew longer, it started making me laugh. Despite the repetition. I actually felt bad for the poor chap and his claustrophobic situation. 
If only the broad plots had a little more meat. They picked three similar starts, they chose three different situations and had three similarly "bleh" ways to end it. And yet it's one of those half-decent chick-flicks. I can see couples getting into an argument after watching it. And a movie that gets people to discuss it is a movie that has succeeded, even if it is in its own crooked way. 
This one made me wonder too. NO! not about the men and women in my life. About movies and their dependence on contrasts. A couple of weeks ago we saw Luv ka the end, where the guy was all out despicable and here we have a film that has made the woman in me hate some of the women the film represents. What's with the stark extremes? Is it because "balance" is boring?

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
In fact, they surprised me. I'd be the last person to laugh or even smile at a monologue by a guy (Kartikeya Tiwari) about his frustrations with his girlfriend. Especially when it's long, oh-so long. But as it grew longer, it started making me laugh. Despite the repetition. I actually felt bad for the poor chap and his claustrophobic situation. 
If only the broad plots had a little more meat. They picked three similar starts, they chose three different situations and had three similarly "bleh" ways to end it. And yet it's one of those half-decent chick-flicks. I can see couples getting into an argument after watching it. And a movie that gets people to discuss it is a movie that has succeeded, even if it is in its own crooked way. 
This one made me wonder too. NO! not about the men and women in my life. About movies and their dependence on contrasts. A couple of weeks ago we saw Luv ka the end, where the guy was all out despicable and here we have a film that has made the woman in me hate some of the women the film represents. What's with the stark extremes? Is it because "balance" is boring?

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
If only the broad plots had a little more meat. They picked three similar starts, they chose three different situations and had three similarly "bleh" ways to end it. And yet it's one of those half-decent chick-flicks. I can see couples getting into an argument after watching it. And a movie that gets people to discuss it is a movie that has succeeded, even if it is in its own crooked way. 
This one made me wonder too. NO! not about the men and women in my life. About movies and their dependence on contrasts. A couple of weeks ago we saw Luv ka the end, where the guy was all out despicable and here we have a film that has made the woman in me hate some of the women the film represents. What's with the stark extremes? Is it because "balance" is boring?

    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
This one made me wonder too. NO! not about the men and women in my life. About movies and their dependence on contrasts. A couple of weeks ago we saw Luv ka the end, where the guy was all out despicable and here we have a film that has made the woman in me hate some of the women the film represents. What's with the stark extremes? Is it because "balance" is boring?
    - meeta, a part of the audience
  
      26 reviewers(?)
      -
      10 yays
6 so-so
10 nays
Warning: clicking on "full review" will take you to an external website that could contain spoilers.
        Thumbs up,
        by Taran Adarsh, 
        
          
             Bollywood Hungama
          :
        
        ...PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMA isn't ground-breaking or pioneering cinema, but I have to state, it puts the fun quotient back into the movies due to its unsullied take on relationships, which snowballs into heavy-duty drama as it reaches the finale....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        
        
          
             Bollywood Mantra
          :
        
        ...totally refreshing cinema...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Rony D'costa, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Pyar ka Punchnama is for couples who want to reflect on their relationship...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Mihir Fadnavis, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...will make your face hurt with laughter...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepa Gahlot, 
        
          
             Film Impressions
          :
        
        ...Where Luv Ranjan scores is in the simple, colloquial dialogue (lots of bleeped out profanity, though) and the sporadic flashes of wicked humour. He also gets easy-flowing performances from his actors...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Deepa Garimella, 
        
          
             fullhyd.com
          :
        
        .... Some of the dialogues are well-written; they're not reams of prose, but quite well-timed and spot on...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Bryan Durham, 
        
          
             MiD DAY
          :
        
        ...Divyendu (Liquid) and Kartikeya (Rajjo aka Rajat) have the best dialogues....

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Subhash K Jha, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...delightful rugged romantic-comedy ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by K K Rai, 
        
          
             STARDUST
          :
        
        ...A good fare.
...

            full review
          

        Thumbs up,
        by Reel Reptile, 
        
          
             Upper Stall
          :
        
        ...An immensely watchable film with a few flaws and a fresh (read real) outlook to ‘love ke rulezz’ in this overcooked-sappy-saccharine world of wannabe romcoms, Pyaar ka Punchnama has single-handedly re-instilled faith in the power of corny trailers and misguided marketing. ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Aparajita Ghosh, 
        
          
             Apun Ka Choice
          :
        
        ...an engaging satire on love, but the film tends to lose steam mid-way ...

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Bobby Sing, 
        
          
             Bobby Talks Cinema.com
          :
        
        ...A mostly enjoyable journey into the women psyche but could have been much better in a shorter version....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Blessy Chettiar, 
        
          
             DNA
          :
        
        ...The second half seems never-ending, sappy and pleading for sympathy....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Mayank Shekhar, 
        
          
             Hindustan Times
          :
        
        ...There's no editing of thought, let alone editing out of scenes. Structure, I suppose, could weed out some of the sappiness on the screen....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Shubhra Gupta, 
        
          
             indian express
          :
        
        ...The writing is unerring when it comes to the lads, but goes off track with the lasses. Their acts are good, but distressingly single-tone....

            full review
          

        So-So,
        by Komal Nahta, 
        
          
             koimoi
          :
        
        ...is for a section of the youth only but that won’t be good enough....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Ankur Pathak, 
        
          
             Desi Martini
          :
        
        ...Pyar ka Punchnama tries hard, and thats where it ends....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rahul Gangwani, 
        
          
             Filmfare
          :
        
        ...The saving grace of the film is the performances of the lead actors and the handful of funny moments....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Pankaj Sabnani, 
        
          
             Glamsham.com
          :
        
        ...Kartikeya Tiwari is decent. Vikrant delivers a very restrained performance. Divyendu Sharma is excellent....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Rajeev Masand, 
        
          
             IBN Live
          :
        
        ...not funny...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Mansha Rastogi, 
        
          
             Now Running.com
          :
        
        ...Would manage to entice only those people who have vendetta against women. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Shaikh Ayaz, 
        
          
             Rediff
          :
        
        ...half-way funny but could have done better with some editing....

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Sonia Chopra, 
        
          
             Sify Movies
          :
        
        ...Shallow, stilted take on relationships...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by K N Gupta, 
        
          
             SmasHits.com
          :
        
        ...A movie not made in good taste. One could easily skip without any loss whatsoever. ...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Nikhat Kazmi, 
        
          
             Times of India
          :
        
        ...appalling gender skew...

            full review
          

        Thumbs down,
        by Spicezee Bureau, 
        
          
             ZEENEWS.COM
          :
        
        ...fails to pack a punch!...

            full review
          

          161 tweeters(?)
          -
          139 yays
16 so-so
6 nays

_rocky:
          I had perception dat 'pyar ka panchnama' might b anything type of movie... Bt hey it's a real entertainer I tell u.. Mst mst mst watch...
        
vsamosa:
          Surprised by Pyar ka Punchnama this weekend. Left the Yuvi Ganguly starrer game and the Johny Depp starrer far behind.
        
vikrambhatnagar:
          "pyar ka panchnama" a must watch for Bachelors like me :p Beware,watch it alone, its not a family movie.
        
VijayBrala:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama...awesome!!
        
VaibhavAnant:
          Pyaar Ka PUNCHnama...a must watch movie for guys....
        
Vaibhavakababla:
          saw PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMA..- a must watch for all guys who r in one sided love.. it's a eye opener.. superb movie for today's youth....
        
TRUTH_predictor:
          NEW RELEASES-PIRATES F THE CARAB s fantastic. PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMA s gud time paas.404 s truely amazing hindi mvi.
        
tjpatadia:
          Pyaar ka punchnama is a hilarious laughter riot. Must see movie
        
TheTweetThumb:
          I saw Pyar ka Punchnama yesterday post exams :Gr8 laugh,girls don take it too seriously.worth a watch.Leave ur partners at home for this
        
TheReelMag:
          Pyaar ka punchnama is a pleasant pleasant surprise. i strongly disagree with negative reviews of critics. watch it for some good fun. #fb
        
THEKHULLASAAND:
          Pyar Ka Punchnama....Aahhh..Awesome MindBlowing Faadu :-D Yeahh Yeahh Ya Shocked That I Liked 1 Movie(Finally) ;) #MustWatch
        
theGhost_k8:
          Just saw "Pyaar Ka Punchnama"!! Good movie... Do watch, understand and ACT...
Close to reality...
        
thegeosam:
          PYAR KA PANCHNAMA was really awsum enjoyd evry bit of it...thx a lot to @MTVIndia for this chance..
        
TheDiksha:
          Pyar ka Panchnama- Awsum movie, a must watch fo ol dose guys who r nt goin arnd wid gals bt BITCHES (Ban gaya patha dekho ban gaya kutta) :P
        
ThatSloth:
          People, do yourself a favour. Go watch 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama'.
        
tarun_g22:
          "Pyaar Ka Punchnaama".Complete surprise package.hilarious,fun to d core MUST WATCH FOR ALL GUYS.If 2010 had Udaan,2011 has PKP so far.4.5/5.
        
tarunjenawat:
          PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMA -------- fukin amazing movie ....  luved it .... best movie seen in this year
        
tanejamainhoon:
          Guys toh should pukkaa watch Pyaar Ka Punchnama. It's seriously a movie that makes us realise how big idiots we are! AND its funny!! #winwin
        
swatinathani:
          Pyaar ka Punchnaama - An amazingly real slice of life. Would pay twice the ticket money for 'Babu's 10 minute speech' ! Can't stop smiling!
        
svajpayee:
          Capping off the weekend with Pyaar Ka Punchnama!  A must watch for all the guys.
        
suuraj1:
          Pyar ka punchnama ...... Awesome !!!!
        
sundeepkishan:
          Loved Pyaar ka Punchnama..gr8 writing & terrific performances..Don't miss this one 'GUYS',this is ur ans 2 every girl who put u through shit
        
sumthebum:
          'Pyar ka panchnama' an eye opener for all boys #awesome watch it with friends #Caution: avoid wives and girlfriends
        
SudhishKamath:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama: Wow! Get the boys, some beer & bond over bittersweet pangs of love... mostly bitter. High Fidelity of Hindi films! 9/10
        
ssaauurraabbhhh:
          i think every girl should watch "pyar ka panchnama" and think that "r they doing like that with their BF".
        
sravanpvsr:
          Pyaar ka punchnama is a hillarious movie and a great breather for those who're sucked up with busy schedules! #fb
        
sonsin79:
          Pyar Ka Panchnama...Super Duper Funny Movie...So US..A Must Must Watch...Highly recommended :))
        
singh_dr:
          Pyar Ka Punchnama was the best thing in an otherwise shitty day. Thank You @MTVIndia.
        
ShyamKumar46:
          Pyar ka punchnama.. true to the 'good' reviews..
        
shrutee84:
          pyaar ka punchnama very good movie enjoyed wid frends:)
        
shaurya666:
          Saw pyaar ka punchnama. What a classic comedy. Had jokes that we in an all boys group crack regularly. Loved it.
        
shashanknathani:
          Saw Pyaar ka punchnama last nite, awesome 1st half and a lil draggy 2nd half over all a fabulous movie, a mst watch #bollywood #india
        
ShahAalok:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama - must watch for guys. Gals won't like/agree with the movie for sure.
        
Sethumadhavan:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama is super fun, but yes pls don't take ur girlfriends along for it- remember don't say I didn't warn you :)))
        
seemanseema:
          Pyaar ka punchnama the most amazing movie must watch
        
sauryabhatt_om:
          must watch pyar ka punchnama
        
sauravhk:
          Just saw "Pyar Ka Punchnama"... Haven't laughed so much in any movie ever.. All you single guys have to have to have to watch it!
        
sauravbhanot:
          'Pyar Ka Punchnama' is an interesting movie.. Very young and vibrant! If only it was a bit shorter...
        
saurabhrule:
          pyaar ka punchnama, awesomely good movie, real treat to HEAR and watch :)
        
saumyasriv25:
          #movie "Pyar ka Punchnama" is an awesome movie! A must watch for all those who r in a relationship..and for the single ones, a #beware sign.
        
saumar:
          Pyar Ka Panchnama: with all its shortcomings - definitely an urbane classic!! :) Wondering if the other sex would like it?  @gulpanag? :)
        
samarthshandy:
          Pyaar ka punchnama!! Naice film, bt my toothache ☹
        
sagaragarwl:
          saw "PYAR KA PANCHNAMA" its a gr88 #movie to watch..go for it
        
rvishnuprasad:
          Life imitates art. Pyar ka punchnaama is awesome!
        
rshankard:
          My First tweet :) aswesum end to the weekend with pyaar ka punchnama, one word $awesome$!!
        
roxanneritchi:
          So 'Pyar Ka Punchnama' successfully shows 3 most unsuccessful relationship troubles- a)Too Much Space; b)No Personal Space; c)On the hook!
        
rohrasapna:
          Guys must must must watch...Pyar Ka Punchnama....its a fantastic mvi...I m sure u guys wuld njoy it...;)
        
RishabhSomani:
          Went with no expectations and enjoyed the best movie of this year.. Must watch pyaar ka punchnama..
        
raunaksurana29:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama - enjoyed it!!!
        
RaulPra:
          Pyaar ka punchnama packs a punch! Bangaya kutta!
        
rathod_hiren:
          Pyar ka punchnama.. Awesome muvi.. Every1 shud watch it..
        
rana6200:
          Pyar ka panchnama is a great movie
        
ramanisumit:
          All those who haven't seen Pyar ka Panchnama, go watch it. And come back home after first half gets over. You would be better off!
        
rahul771988:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama.....OOOZZZZMMM !!!
        
raghavsachar:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama is a very good film. Must watch.
        
radiojockeyAmar:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama... Connects wid me perfectly.. Must watch for guys of my age... It will scratch ur scars..
        
quirky89:
          Watched "Pyaar ka Punchnama" Seriously all you guys should watch it w/o fail. #AWESOMEMOVIE
        
PxDx:
          #MustWatch ♥ Pyar Ka Panchnama ♥ Thoroughly enjoyed a Bollywood movie after a long time. U must see it, especially Guys.. Ͼ☇Ͽ
        
Purab_Kohli:
          2 super films this week,just saw pyaar ka punchnama. Super fun. Remember to take ur girl friend along... Maybe a helmet for protection.
        
priyac80:
          pyaar ka punchnama awesome film, must see for youth, very different and real film, very funny too. chauhary / raayo is a upcoming superstar
        
Pritweety:
          Pyar ka Panchnama ;) good movie good fun..  killerrr !! #2gudIsay
        
PMakhijani:
          What a mind blowing film - Pyar ka Panchnama
        
pathaksushant:
          pyaar ka punchnama....awesome movie
        
parvathy8288:
          "Pyaar ka Punchnama" - fresh and delightful. Had a wonderful time last night. :D
        
pankajsaithwar:
          heartiest congratulations to luv ranjan,director of pyaar ka punchnama
        
Nidhik20:
          Totally, such good new talent,ImpressiveRT @ManishMalhotra1 Saw pyaar ka punchnama :fun film :all the 6 young actors have done a good job:-)
        
NehaKotlia:
          PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMA...AWESOME MOVIE...GREAT JOB DONE BY EVERYONE.....LOVED IT:) MUST WATCH:):);)
        
nautanki:
          Please do yourselves a favour and catch 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama' when it releases tomorrow! Complete entertainer :D Loved it!
        
nasiaullas:
          Pyaar ka punchnaama: is a must watch for men who need an understanding shoulder and for women who need a realistic look at themselves.
        
Naren11:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama ! Must watch !
        
Nandini_M:
          Yesterday saw "Pyaar ka Punchnama" and it was hilarious. The second part cud have been better, still a #must watch
        
n1kh1l:
          Pyar ka punchnama. Wonderful movie.Fcuk you censor board. :-(
        
Mr_YumRaj:
          Watched......pyar ka punchnama......movie thats suits every kutta.....(kutte ka patta)
        
mehul_bansal:
          Pyaar ka punchnaama.........sexy muvi........one dialogue that will make you jump off ur seat.....
        
MaverickMyk:
          Guys who have been in love/relationship once, must watch Pyaar Ka Punchnama. It would remind them of the horrific times that they had. #True
        
ManishMalhotra1:
          Saw pyaar ka punchnama :fun film :all the 6 young actors have done a good job :-)
        
manendra_tiwari:
          Those who are in relationship must watch "pyar ka punchnama"...
        
mandaarpawar:
          Just finished "pyar ka punchnama", I wouldn't agree with people claiming it as a waste of money. Youngsters would relate to this for sure.
        
manav22:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama was Hilariouss...had a fab time with @madmanhawk @da_babe @mediasavy @NavjotKr , ashvij and his pal ...lafedd like babuuu
        
mahekoholic:
          Watched Pyaar ka Punchnama in a practically empty audi. Awesome movie, too bad their PR budget wasn't high enough to get good reviews
        
l_nitin:
          Waching pyar ka punchnama ws a big surprise,wht a refreshin movie.vry real & gud movie.in the end entertaining movie.gud job director luv.
        
localteaparty:
          This Pyar ka Punchnama is Epic ROFL stuff movie. #Mustwatch
        
lazyabhi:
          "Pyaar Ka Punchnama" is probably the best movie I've seen in years! OMFG It's epic awesome...totally gotta re-watch it! #fb #pkp
        
laddpaul:
          Two Thumbs Up! Pyaar Ka Punchnama - Movie Review: In my career spanning three decades, I have never witnessed so... http://bit.ly/mUtzjc

labyrinthashish:
          ABSOLUTELY.FREAKING.LOVED. PYAAR KA PUNCHNAAMA
        
KuldipPatel:
          Enjoyed Pyar Ka Punchnama. First half very good and that 5 min monologue too. @liquidpkp has a bright future.
        
khannavidhan:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama is like breath of fresh air and the new cast is superbly talented.A top notch debut attempt Omar Qureshi @RaayoSBakhirta
        
keval_jp:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama !! Guys gotta watch once... its contemporary
and the 5 min space-less speech by Kartikeya is awesome
        
KartikGuptaa:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnaama- too good flick man..shows the frustration of a guy in a relationship..
        
karang86:
          Pyar ka panchnama...highlyyy recommended by me...!!!
        
juiter:
          pyaar ka punchnama... go watch it.. fatang timepass.. all the girls .. plzz dont watch it with u r BF / BF's :P loved it !! paisa vasool
        
journokaran:
          Review: Pyar Ka Punchnama: A perfect mirror to relationships http://karan-bhardwaj.blogspot.com/2011/05/perfect-mirror-to-relationships.html?spref=tw

jaythakker2000:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama #paisawasool
        
invokeanand:
          + 100 @GhantaGuy Pyaar ka Punchnama must be seen. Just for that epic 10-minute monologue by Rajjo in second half.
        
ikaranveer:
          Pyar ka punchnama surly d movie for guys...#mustwatch
        
ijunedmulla:
          PyAaR Ka PuNcHnAmA ...........liked it
        
iJefin:
          finished with Pyar Ka Punchnama. Good movie. Acha timepass hua.I would rate it a 3 star movie. Many scenes of the movie were damn hilarious
        
Hob_Nob_:
          Watched Pyaar ka punchnaama. Must watch though it gets depressing in the end.
        
HiteshRuprela:
          Pyar ka Punchnama................faadu dialogue
        
hautesaiff:
          Pyar ka punchnama was AMAZING. Worth a watch!
        
harmeshpatel:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama must be seen. Just for that epic 10-minute monologue by Rajjo in second half.
        
gnyanendra:
          (i) Pyaar ka Punchnama [4/5], (ii) cards 11:30-5:30 (iii) night-still-out  #weekendtales #fb
        
GhantaGuy:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama must be seen. Just for that epic 10-minute monologue by Rajjo in second half.
        
gaurav_desai84:
          Hey all the guys plzzzzz do go & watch PYAR KA PANCHNAMA ................
        
gauravbatla:
          Pyar ka Punchnama Review : Packs a punch 8/10 http://gauravbatla.blogspot.com/2011/05/pyaar-ka-punchnaama-packs-punch.html @MTVIndia
        
Frozen_Thought:
          Boys, go watch pyaar ka punchnama, you will always thank me for it :D
        
free2sail2003:
          Watchd 'Pyar Ka Punchnama' ystrdy n8 in PVR, Chennai...... awesome movie dude... hey guys go with your friends only to enjoy the fullest....
        
ePandu:
          Pyaar ka punchnama is a BRILLIANT MOVIE. MUST WATCH
        
EktaOberoi:
          For all the Girlfriend-peedit men,Pyar ka Punchnama is a must watch!
For women seeking some NSP,checkout Kartikeya Tiwari & Rayo Bhakhirta!!
        
dkh9:
          Pyaar ka punchnama good in parts refreshing treatment relatable characters witty dialogues.....especially happy woman is a myth!!!
        
dish06:
          i saw "pyaar ka punchnama" mst se its a gr8 muviee... ..truly made fr bstfrnsss (only guyss :p) ...!!! :*)
        
dharmeshd:
          all guyz who hv, has n had girlfrnd' go n watch "Pyaar Ka Punchnama"...complete blast!
        
Desdemona14:
          Dear @taslimanasreen please watch 'Pyaar ka punchnama' :P its a nice movie about ablaa bhartiya naaris.
        
Corporate_Fool:
          quite liked pyar ka punchnama...very gud debut film for the actors and director
        
CineMagik:
          Pyaar ka Punchnaama! Yay!!!
        
chinz13:
          As expected 'pyaar  ka punchnama' is creating waves.. A must must must watch!
        
chintanadva:
          Pyaar ka Punchnaama! A must watch for all you lovely women!!! fabulous job by all the debutants incl the director :)
        
chaustsher:
          pyar ka punchnama - a must watch for ALL guys ever been in a relationship. 
Women should probably skip this one. Sach kadwa hota hai ;-)
        
chanakya_chels:
          Was forced by friends to watch "Pyaar ka punchnama" , thought i 'd get some sleep there but surprisingly the movie turned out to be decent .
        
ChamatkariBaba:
          PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMA is a must watch and a mast watch.
        
cgtweeting:
          Pyaar ka punchnama - Whatay movie! Rollicking laughathon first half peppered with wit & humor. Spectacular screenplay let down by shoddy end
        
campusghanta:
          Pyaar ka punchnama...a must watch for guys!!!
        
caballero_gordo:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama is f**king awesome.....  totally relatable shit...
        
b_abheek:
          Pyar ka PUNCHnama: Awesome start. Dud ending. Relationships for Guys. Guys can relate to the inconsistency.
        
bughe9d:
          Pyaar ka punchnama for every one in love & outta it
        
awynash_:
          Pyar ka punchnama.. A movie so true abt relationships.. Dnt miss it...
        
atulsian:
          Pyaar ka Punchnama is nice watch ! the newcomers have done a fantastic job (the reason i ws unsure wtching it) ! all in all #win
        
arunimasingh:
          Watched #Pyar ka Punchnama, yet again its proved that low budget movies & newbies on screen can also create a buzz with good cinema..!!
        
apurva15:
          pyar ka punchnama is a must watch for all who know the worst consequences of relationships!!! okay, now back to books... :p later.
        
Anyokti:
          Pyar ka Punchnama!! A must watch! Luv the dialogues! Raayo (chaudhri) n liquid - thumbs up.
        
ankitrajjannat:
          hey guy!Pyaar ka punchnama 'zz realy suCh an aWSum movi,actly itz based on gals reality,wht dey r,nd wht dey wants 4m us!
        
ankitkhandelwal:
          Just watched Pyar ka Punchnama.A must for every boy in relationship.Every boys reality!
        
amitangre:
          Pyar ka punchnama....frustration of boys at its best!!..it seems director has had such personal exp!!
        
alithechamp91:
          #Pyar ka Panchnama was awesome.. Feeling sad for the gals who watched tat.. This film completely disclosed them :P :P
        
adityamulugu:
          pyar ka punchnama.. too generalizing and hard hitting, but a must watch! Dont remember the last movie for which i clapped this much.
        
Abhishekgg:
          Pyar ka punchnama very refreshing film.. hilarious #hit
        
Abhishek8041:
          Breaking news!! God visited earth a few months back, made a movie n went back...its called, 'Pyar ka punchnama'...n yes he is MALE :D :) :P
        
abhinavpratap:
          pyaar ka punchnama.... good movie for guyz.....
        
2kanika_saxena:
          Loved Pyar Ka Punchnama .... Fantastic and a pleasent surprise
        
SORAVJAIN:
          watched pyar ka punchnama last night! first half of movie is good! The rest half becomes super annoying & dragging,
        
SiddharthKD:
          PYAR KA PUNCHNAMA: 2/5.

*Average flick but concentrates on the part missin in today's life - relationship.
        
scaryhairyman:
          Pyaar ka punchnama is pretty decent but a lil exagerrated...
        
sarafrohan:
          Pyaar ka punchnama had a rocking start but fizzeles out eventually, impressed by some good performances...
        
romit_baranwal:
          Pyaar ka punchnama, first half kicked ass... 2nd half ok ok... Too much of a drag...
        
Rajini__Kanth:
          Review: PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMA: Film: PYAAR KA PUNCHNAMARating: 3/5Banners: Viacom 18 Motion Pictures, Wide Frame Pi... http://www.bharatstudent.com/cafebharat/view_news-Hindi-News_and_Gossips-1,78045.php?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm;_medium=twitter

ragmeister:
          pyaar ka punchnama needs some serious bit of editing. would have turned it into a great movie.
        
r1kartik:
          PYAR KA PUNCHNAMA - could so relate to the concepts. Been there too often I guess. But cud have done with better execution. And yes - acting
        
Navjotalive:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama is hilarious bt unjhelable in the most of the 2nd half.It wil b hailed by d youth fr d language n d relatble situations.
        
lokallobaat:
          Pyaar Ka Punchnama 1st half has enough humor to keep you in splits. But quite disconnected overall. Great scenes followed by some bad acting
        
kaykayshah:
          Saw Pyar Ka punchnama yesterday.funny.entertaining.but not the best film of decade.and certainly not a classic
        
JagranPost:
          Movie Review: Little pyaar, little bekaar sums up ‘Pyaar Ka Punchnama’: ‘Pyaar Ka Punchnama’ revolves around thr... http://post.jagran.com/movie-review-little-pyaar-little-bekaar-sums-up-pyaar-ka-punchnama-1305889405?utm_campaign=Feed+Submital&utm;_source=twitterfeed&utm;_medium=twitter

diksha_cb:
          Pyaar ka punchnama is not bad!!
        
ChalHuttt:
          Pyar Ka Punchnama - watch it if u get to see it free. I did. Worth ur while is Rajat's speech-the only brilliant part.
        
bunnylover1982:
          Review: Pyaar Ka Punchnama could have been better: There isn't much sexual content in this film; just jokes and ... http://bit.ly/k0AWIl

AJITH1:
          Watched pyar ka punchnama , dont watch in theaters as they have censored all the dialouges. Movie is ok, strictly for guys.
        
purebeautynlust:
          Review of Pyar Ka Punchnama: Do not try finding logic, you will be looking forever. The plot: A witty take from ... http://bit.ly/jlar8L

proximoron:
          The best part of Pyaar Ka Punchnama was Rajat's monologue. The only saving grace in the otherwise dragging second half.
        
karinasood:
          Pyar Ka Panchnama is shot in a very soap-operaish style Slow n Full of Sexist Jokes  n Double Entendres, I'ts SO full Stereotypes #BigBore
        
Hi_Tushar:
          Pyar ka punchnama -- 2/ 5 star
        
heycatchme:
          Pyar ka Panchnama second half is boring.... stretch too long
        
ChetanMehr:
          Pyar ka punchnama 4/10. Overall boring..
        
          14 readers
          -
          11 yays
3 so-so
0 nays

            Want to Watch,
            by party planning

            Want to Watch,
            by taxi a ezeiza

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by AACHMAN GUPTA
: BEST I HV SEEN SO FAR. YAAR YE APNE LIYE GEETA HAI. ISKO GHOT LO, LIFE MEIN KHUSH RAHOGE

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Achal
: Nice and well made movie. Makes you laugh while depicting real life characters and situations.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Aditi

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Aditya Jain
: 100

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by amit kaundinya
: It must have taken several failed love relationships to make a movie like "Pyaar Ka Punchnama"... an

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by baba bengali
: fatte movie hain

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by balveer
: Full of fun, laughter and very entertaining despite of heoric faces.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Hindilyrics4u.co.in
: This one made me wonder too. NO! not about the men and women in my life. About movies and their depe

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Mansi
: Lots of laughs. Spontaneous, catchy songs (my fav. Kutta), Liquid and Rajjo are sweethearts.

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Vicky Singh

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by Vishal

            So-So,
            by Hindilyrics4u.co.un
: fter giving our writer/director so much, I enjoyed the characters. Only the men of course. Even as I

            So-So,
            by Lyricswale.com
: If only the broad plots had a little more meat. They picked three similar starts, they chose three d

            So-So,
            by Tamillyrics.co.in
: If only the broad plots had a little more meat. They picked three similar starts, they chose three d
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Its definitely a chilled out film and Luv Rajan may create stereotypes with his female characters but no doubt such characters do exist. And anyways the movie is know social movie with a message not to love...its just a fun movie to have a break with your friends and say hmmm "Oh this looks something similar :) "@AJ ha ha...true. Or maybe you can think of it as, if a female reviewer thought it was ok, the men would find it only better and take a decision based on that :PThis is really entertaining and full of fun movie. I really enjoyed it. This first time I saw this movie with full laughter and really enjoyed it. Acting of all three male actor is amazing particularly that Liquid... very hilarious.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: A slap or two.
Language: Lots of abusive language, all beeped out.
Nudity & Sexual content: Lots of talk about sex. Has pre-marital sexual relationships and lots of on-screen making out. 
Concept: That of women using men and men wanting to be used.
General Look and Feel: Young(?)


