
wogma rating: Beg or borrow, but do watch (?)
Turtles Can FlyPicture a smile creeping up your face; but you find yourself stopping it because what you want to smile about is a very serious matter. Mostly because you don’t even know what is making you smile. Immediately after that, you find yourself with a lumpy throat and wide, horrified eyes – viewing something that makes your gut wrench. 





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


This is an experience Bahman Ghobadi’s Turtles Can FlyThis is an experience Bahman Ghobadi’s Turtles Can FlyThe film revolves around three main characters – Satellite (Sohran Ebrahim) the youngest authoritarian in the village - a boy who is most resourceful. He controls all the children who diffuses landmines with their bare hands and exchange them for machine guns in the local market. 
On the other hand, there’s brother-sister Agrin and Hyenkov, the calmest yet most affected children of the lot. Hyenkov has no hands; he uses his lips to diffuse the mines. Agrin is quiet throughout the film, but in her eyes you can virtually see the entire war. It’s a helpless, weak and desolate perspective which reminds you every minute how lucky you are to be only watching the film. 
More than loss of innocence, Turtles Can FlyOn the other hand, there’s brother-sister Agrin and Hyenkov, the calmest yet most affected children of the lot. Hyenkov has no hands; he uses his lips to diffuse the mines. Agrin is quiet throughout the film, but in her eyes you can virtually see the entire war. It’s a helpless, weak and desolate perspective which reminds you every minute how lucky you are to be only watching the film. 
More than loss of innocence, Turtles Can Fly More than loss of innocence, Turtles Can FlyKeeping the emotional overtone in the film aside, Turtles Can FlyPrimary reason to pick up a Turtles Can FlyThe realities slap you in the face with every passing second but it also has a surreal after-ring to it. Turtles Can FlyThis feeling is best expressed with one hard-hitting yet surreal scene- a baby tries to make a turtle drown in a small pond, and through the baby’s perspective you get an underwater shot of the turtle wading, almost flying around like there’s no worry in the world. You may just hear laughter at some point in the film – maybe of a child or maybe even your own – but it’s a laughter wrapped with a palpable sense of danger. Watch the film if you can watch turtles fly in spite of broken limbs. 
    
    This review is by  guest reviewer Swetha Ramakrishnan. Swetha Ramakrishnan is currently living and working in Mumbai. She's a self-confessed film enthusiast and can most likely be found talking to anyone and everyone about popular cinema and her love for SRK. 
    
      Swetha Ramakrishnan also blogs at http://swetharamakrishnan.blogspot.com/.
    
    
  External reviews for this movie are not availableTwitter reviews for this movie are not available.
          1 readers
          -
          1 yays
0 so-so
0 nays

            Yay! Thumbs Up,
            by darrensy
: 100
This page has additional observations, other than the ones noted in the main review.Copyright © 2006 - 2016 - wogma.com. All rights reserved.(Credits: wogma logo by Ain Digytal Inc. wogma audio review signature tune by Shreyas Beltangdy.
            Icons taken from Silk icons and iconspedia.com.)

Parental Guidance:


Violence: Images of children with broken limbs, not a sight to be watched by all 
Language: English subtitles, innocent language used by children 
Nudity & Sexual content: None
Concept: Surreal yet dark 
General Look and Feel: A mix of colorful and monochromatic tones 


